Lets discuss Brazil/EI strategy . Rick Fantastic-landmark deal Rick William S Bradford|HOU|ECT wrote on 7/28/00 7:33 pm: Rick , John , Jim and Brad were instrumental in getting this restructuring done . It feels good when the process works . Bill
We need to meet on this . Pls talk to Bill lets get something set up here . Rick
Was this a fruitful meeting . Rick We need to discuss this . Sounds like bs to me . Rick Thanks , Rick Any news on this . Rick Has this been verified . Rick This is a good solution . Lets discuss in more detail . Rick Molly Harris|HOU|ECT wrote on 10/2/00 4:27 pm: Thank you for your time to discuss Perry Gas . Michael and I have talked to Jim Keller , EES Legal , and initiated placement of Michael on the Creditor Committee . We are the largest unsecured creditor . Jim is working with outside counsel and will be providing documents to Michael to insert him quickly in the process . Michael will represent us for both EES and ENA . Regards Molly
Would appreciate any feedback from talk so we can improve Tx , Rick Any progress here . Rick Any more on this issue . Rick Did this go ok . Rick
Please do not extend offers of employment to anyone without checking with me first . This does not mean a freeze but rather I want to be sure there isn't a person in RAC that may be better suited , or could be with a little training , for a particular position . Thanks , Rick
to your hearts content
fine
I was really hoping we could do this on a best efforts basis with all of us covering any issues arising during the month of December . Since there seems to be insistence on a date certain there is no choice but to have Steve start in EBS on 1-1-2001 . Ted can't physically be there until then . It will be difficult to have full RAC responsibility without physically being there . Rick
you have been busy haven't you , rick
I am not sure I understand this . Can I still surf without going thru the Enron system ? Can I still use AOL ? I will only need full Enron access about half the time the rest a direct dsl internet connection is what I want . Is the DSL line on all the time or is it still dial up. ? Rick
not to worry- we won't be cutting your budget . lets discuss when you get back . rick
Sounds great . Don't build me a Rolls when a Chevy will do . Rick
wow ! pretty bold move assuming you had a choice . i will be in london next week , i'll try to give you a call . rick
I have already left him a voice mail . Will let you know when I hear . Tx Rick
Approve as written . ( Continue to hate the deal) . Rick
fyi-comments ? rick
This is fine by me . Do you need hard copy of signature . Rick
fyi , rick
London?? ? How do we include ? Rick
Thank you very much for taking the time to provide this feedback . Feedback , both positive and negative , is critical to improving performance . Rick Buy
a "senses"? ? i love chi-knees- rick
fyi , rick
Can you please add Greg Whalley to the distribution on this report , which by the way is quite bebficial to us . Tx Rick Buy
sounds like an opportunity for our illustrious steel team !
Totally supportive of candidate . I hope we can get her . Only issue was reluctance to move to Houston or London . That will hurt us eventually . Rick
Bad problem , good response . Are there any others where price wasn't being updated ? Rick
Spoke with Jeff re TXU . Lets discuss when you have a minute . Rick
Missed your call today and I will be in RAC PRC all day tomorrow . Basically Jeff said we must get this exposure down but gave no parameters to the statement . He did ask if any recent issue is causing us concern to which we said no , and I also said we know more about this company than any other exposure we have ( which we should) . I also spoke with M . Kopper today and he thinks the proposed deal w/ TXU to pay slightly more for a plant with the proviso that we get a cleaner contract is a good idea , rather than paying a lot of money to an investment bank . Moral of story in my opinion is to try and improve deal structure with TXU through the plant purchase or other structured deal . Do no more ( large ) deals with TXU that significantly increase credit exposure ( $10mm?? ) unless we buy a derivative that reduces exposure simultaneously . Continue to stay on top of TXU with frequent meetings with their management to maintain a close relationship with good communication . Lets try and discuss Wed if possible .
i guess this is the answer to my inquiry on cypress issue-rick
great news ! i think the ad swap idea is one of the most creative things to happen around here in quite a while . rick
Looks good to me . Rick Buy ( Please pass along to John S . ) 
Good job . Keep moving it forward . If moving forward it will improve . Rick
I think you should arrange for a formal presentation of this material to myself and other folks in RAC . I believe this is the direction of future risk control activity and all of us need to be updated . Scheduling something after the board meeting would be helpful . Tx Rick
Karen- please print this out . I need to edit this . Thanks , Rick
This slipped thru the cracks- are we still going to do ? Did you do it already ? Rick
did i send this to already ? fyi . this was very contentious at India mtg w/ Lay & Skilling . We need to understand what our exposure is . You need to become our India expert . Tx Rick
Kind of old but still relavent . FYI Rick
Have had problems with my computer but I found this memo unread . ( May be because I have 2000 emails) . Should we still pursue this ? I know Jack is working on copper mines . Maybe you guts started without me getting involved . Lets discuss . Rick
How is progress on this ? Rick
Mark- here is my response to your request . Call with questions . Goal: Total Foreign Exchange Exposure quantified and communicated to BOD . Performance: Project completed with final tranche of results reported to Finance Committee Dec 11 . The notional exposure as well as impact on potential impact on earnings and CTA accounts have been quantified and reported to the BOD over the past year according to a schedule that has strictly adhered to . Also , a template and process has been established to be able to easily report changes in the future . Enron has never had a comprehensive review of FX exposure prior to this activity . As an aside , there has been a fair amount of hedging activity resulting from this effort . Goal: Establish risk and trading control processes for risks unique to EES . Performance: Systems have been established and monitoring controls are in place across EES . A thorough study of the DSM business has been completed and the results presented to the Finance Committee . A RAC task force has been put in place which has established a work plan consisting of 53 elements that EES has agreed to put in place to get the overall back office and trading and credit control systems where they need to be . Significant progress has been made against these recommendations . DSM projects have been spot tested with outside measurement firm and the results reported to EES . These tests have highlighted focus areas to determine where the capital dollars are best employed . Goal: Solidify the global risk management policy beyond Houston and London . Performance: Complete and Ongoing . During 2000 , Project Doorstep was initiated by RAC which inspected every office within Enron to determine if trading was taking place and if so whether the Enron controls were being adhered to . A data base system was developed to routinely prompt surprise inspections of these offices and also monitor if the recommendations are being adhered to . Doorstep was a huge effort involving RAC , AA , and operations to really understand where we have risks . It also helps in defining where we don't have responsibility such as EOTT , Azurix and The New Power Company .
test
fyi , rick
have been unable to return your call . will do tomorrow . it has been crazy here to say the least . rick
No- the conclusion is incorrect . The peakers help to mitigate the risk created by market positions . Maybe just change the last sentence to read "Because the peakers offset the contract , the VAR is substantially reduced . " Rick
Just met w/ Skilling and Whalley . Var for gas has temp increase of $15MM until next friday ( 12/15/2000) . Jeff is calling for an executive comm mtg to ask for an additional $40 MM of corp var until next wed ( 12/13/2000) . One issue is UK power will be over VAR everyday starting probably thurs or fri of this week , unless we increase them as well . ( They sweep retail deals into book once a week on this day) . This increase only needs to be $2-3- million . Fasten seat belts and apply oxygen masks . Rick
good info . i don't believe there will be many more "ei" type asset acquisitions any time soon . rick
Thanks , we are in bounds for the moment . Rick
tx- caps were eliminated so this should improve? ? rick
will not attend , tx rick
Send him what was in books but no notes . Tell him it changes daily in a huge way . Tx Rick PS I stopped down earlier to thank you for a great job on the BOD meeting . See you at 4:30 .
thanks , they do a great job and are an under-appreciated asset at enron . rick
Per your voice mail I would like to defer 100% of my ECT Phantom Stock into the Stable Asset fund . I only want to defer that which I have to defer due to my Section 16b status . Thanks , Rick Buy
Probably a smart decision . Rick
Need your help on the following: Each day we are delayed in finalising var , p&L and positions because the UK must wait for a USD interest rate curves before submitting their data to Houston . I am also told that it is really not necessary to wait for this curve and the data could be submitted close of business London . Even if there was some minor inaccuracy from this method it would be better than what we have now . This would greatly improve the efficiency ( by 4 to 6 hours ) in reporting to senior management . Can you guys initiate this change or get me to the right person there . Thanks , Rick
Everyone in RAC is invited to attend Underwriting mtg on Friday at 10:30 am . Rick
fyi , please respond , tx rick
Deal needs to go to Skilling ( or OOC ) because capital price exceeds return . Otherwise Frevert could sign . I am authorised to sign for Jeff up to $25 MM after I leave him a voice mail . After I review deal I will voice mail Jeff and that should work . Rick
fyi , rick
fyi , rick
Thanks for note . Mike Jordan in UK is coordinating an effort on this . I'm worried we have more than initiative going on here . Hopefully everyone will coordinate . Rick
ok , but can't do anything until jan . rick
I have two nominations for MD and one for VP . VP David Port MD Ted Murphy Dave Gorte All of the above would be in the Specialized Technical category . Call me if a problem , Rick Buy
The continued growth of the Enron Europe office and related businesses has prompted a change in the management of Risk Assessment and Control ( RAC ) in London . Effective in early January , 2001 , Ted Murphy will transfer to the London office and mange the RAC activities which include credit and market risk and underwriting . Ted will continue to manage the Enron Global Market Risk activities . Steve Young , currently managing RAC in London , will begin a new assignment within EBS , also in London . The Houston Market Risk group will be managed by David Port As Enron continues to expand its trading and risk management businesses , it is vital that trading and credit policies are administered in a consistent and accurate manner across the company . Hopefully this realignment will accomplish that goal . Please join me in congratulating Ted , David and Steve on their new assignments .
I would like Bill Bradford there unless someone is trying to llimit headcount . Rick
I will request this extension at tomorrow's executive committee of the board mtg . rick
This needs to be sent company wide . Lets discuss how . Tx Rick
I have no idea who sent me this message . I did not like the sound of the name so I forwarded it to both of you . It is not a pornographic e-mail but I the name sounds funny . FYI . Trying to stay out of trouble . Rick
Spoke with John Sherriff this am re prc for London RAC people . John said they included our people for cross calibration purposes but we could rank our people where we saw fit . So I don't think there is any issue here . The Houston PRC rankings should stand unless there was new information brought to light to you Steve that calls into question a person's ranking . Sheila- please double check with the London HR people that this is straightened out . Thanks , Rick
Spoke w/ Skilling re OI "binary" decision . He is willing to enter into the deal . His rational is that he thinks we will be ok on OWC in the final analysis . He did say to reserve for the deal adequately and structure it as appropriate for the circumstances . He also wanted to know if there is anything different here than on OWC . I told him that it wasn't significantly different ( both strong underlying businesses with huge event risk attached ) Lets get dash completed and then I will voice mail Jeff w/ specifics and get his verbal signature . Rick
Is this correct ? Rick
After rereading 3 times I see your point . Didn't mean it that way . Before I sent it out I had Ted and Karen review as well as another person in corp . None had any comments . I asked Dave Gorte if he saw anything negative in it , he did not . Didn't mean to slight you in any way and I apologize if I did . Rick
Please get involved here and let these people know this . Tx Rick
I have done this 3 times now .
excellent!!!! !
god help them Best of luck , Rick
keep 'em coming , rick
Karen- Wanted to say thanks for the gifts you gave me the other day for xmas . I know I often appear ungrateful but that's what happens when you have 2 thousand things on your mind . The pen and leather "thing" for notes are great- I'll use both in my annual attempt to get organised . Rick
Thanks- You guys need a rest . Have a great holiday . Rick
This looks good . Possibly don't need last two items ,  we need to decide when to review this once it is live to see if it is taking off . Also , what does t aking off mean ? Certainly after a month . See what others think about this list and then we can decide what our plan should be . I'll talk to you in a day or two . Rick
Lets have a brief meeting on this . I'll have Karen set up . Tx Rick
Sorry to hear your news . Thanks for letting me know . Rick
Activity levels in Credit Risk Management ( CRM ) have never been higher due to very volatile commodity markets , growth in EES and many other factors . In order to address these market changes , effective now , Ken Curry will transfer from Rick Carson's Due Diligence group to CRM and report to Bill Bradford . Ken has a strong background in credit related issues and should be able to immediately add value to the CRM group . It is fortunate that adequate depth exists within RAC to be able to realign personnel as market needs suggest . Please join me in congratulating Ken on his move and in wishing him success in this new assignment . Rick Buy
Pam- Please send this to RAC worldwide . Tx Rick
I guess I don't have strong feelings if a dash is written here or not but I do care that a troubled situation receive the attention it requires to avoid getting in deeper . There always seems to be reluctance in UK to have a dash prepared , Steve always used a huge amount of energy on justifying the task . We all know that if problem deals are not addressed they always get worse . Maybe Michael could be led to "suggest" an alternative memo or approach . A "problem deal" memo . If you all think a dash is the best approach do it and I don't care if they don't sign it . Once the website is functional , it will be helpful to have a complete history of deals and having these kind of memos in dash format will aid this process . One final thought , Michael is quite supportive of our effort and I think we should pick battles carefully . Rick
I told you wrong on date for next mtg if you need approval . That date would be Feb 13 . I'm tied up w/ bonus/review stuff for foreseeable future . feb works better for lunch . Rick
FYI
Weird , but ok by me . Rick Buy
OK by me . Only because I know Frank . Rick
thanks , rick buy
Attached
Hi- Thanks for the note . Remember that Karen reads all my mail so don't send anything too personal . Time to get back into studying . It will be over before you know it and the four years is a small fraction of your working life so keep at it . I will look into London for your spring break . Send me the exact times you have off . Love Dad .
I really appreciate it when people take the time to acknowledge Mark's efforts and others in RAC as well . Thanks for the feedback . Rick
fyi- wasn't there a discussion on this at prc ? rick
please schedule
Are your plans to stay on 28 ? We are doing some planning on office space . I have some people in 3 Allen that I would like to move over here but it is not a big issue . I had heard that you were moving . Tx Rick
We are probably ok for now since we got the space from networks . Rick
Yes we should present fx exposure at every meeting just like credit exposure tec . Format as before . Rick
Tx Please stay on top of this and pass on info to Bradford for inclusion in our overall Calif . analysis . Rick
wow ! what's behind this , not that I think it isn't a very prudent decision . rick
Are these numbers consistent with your expectations . We will submit to HR if no onjections . Traditionally Sutton has looked at the range and made the decision where to be inside the range . I don't know if Skilling will do the same . I have a voice mail into him to see . Rick
Lets discuss this before we make offer . Rick
You all should have received instruction from Sheila W . on the system for salaries . I need that info late today so I can look at over the weekend . Numbers are due Monday am . Rick
Chip is assigned to North America primarily but we asked him to get up to speed on the India situation in case a new deal should arise there that requires RAC input . He is a sharp guy with lots of project finance experience and also worked in London for Eastern . If you don't want him involved and a transaction arises it will be difficult to get someone up to speed quickly , given the complexities . Rick
Great ! This is exactly how I want everything in RAC to work . Rick
I will be unable to attend this meeting as I will be in Canada meeting with banks . Bill Bradford could attend in my absense if Dan thinks appropriate . Rick
I go away for a day and come back to yet another $40 million of PGE exposure . I guess the lesson is to not go away . Where does this end ? This is a painful way to learn about derivative credit exposure . Please inform all "deal doers" at EES that they better have RAC review their deals ( Mercury ) in detail before they sign . This is more out of control than anything else we have at Enron . Rick
I like this slide from Tara . Can we use somewhere ? Rick
This is great . I want to use it at our upcoming credit conference . Thanks , Rick
My daughter has reservations at Kingsway House , 71 Eardley Court . Can you see if anyone knows if this place is a disaster ? She is going with a girlfriend that doesn't have hardly any money so they had to find a place that was cheap which worries me no end . Tx Rick
Yeah , I heard . Childers informed me and rubbed it in that he was key in talking me out of that decision . I think I made the right decision ya think ? Rick
fyi , rick
Maybe have her contact Ted since he is in London?? ? Rick
Craig , received another statement showing another service charge . We should probably cancel this account . Rick Buy
Maybe have her contact Ted since he is in London?? ? Rick
Please be sure this is in some legal record or something so I don't have problems with this in the future . Thanks , Rick
Karen- please print this out and file somewhere . tx rick
Thanks- I am very interested in this business so if I can help let me know . Tx Rick
Please print and file tx rick
A "Doorstep" inspection of this business was performed in accordance with our procedures and apparently this business is a disaster!! ! We need immediate action on this up to and including shutting it down . This was the worst we have seen at Enron and I don't even want to put in this email what I heard was going on there . We need a coordinated solution here asap to avoid a real disaster , if there isn't one already . I'll speak with Rick Causey here about what immediate action we should take but the more you guys can dig into this the better . More to come . Rick
Ted tells me you guys have already taken action on this which greatly relieves me . I did not want this procrastinated on . I have a meeting scheduled with Rick Causey and will get up to speed on what exactly what has transpired prior to that meeting . Thanks for giving this your immediate attention . Rick
Karen- please print this out and file somewhere . tx rick
The above transaction was presented to the Board on 1-29-2001 . There was considerable discussion which I have summarized below . Returns: were the returns sufficient to syndicate the risk . I answered positively , which is what the capital price addresses . The dash return is a blended debt and equity return.(? ) Was the $19 million excess proceeds enough to allow the company to operate . I answered yes since 85% of reserves are producing and little capital will be needed to develop pdnp and pud reserves . Is management capable of operating or will they be in chapter 11 again soon . I answered that the bankruptcy was a result of overpaying for Wyoming deal and low commodity prices last two years which resulted in a bb decrease below outstanding . We will have to watch this issue carefully . Are banks reluctant to support KCS and could this cause a liquidity problem ? Answered that all creditors were made whole and likely that someone will come into credit but it was a risk , although for the time being they had enough cash to operate . This feedback is just for fyi but it does indicate that board is active and not a rubber stamp . Rick
Please print and file tx rick
Thanks for your note . I want to wish you the best of luck in EES . As far as RAC's issues with EES , I would suggest getting together with Tribolet and getting some of the lists that have been put together as part of the task force . I would also suggest attending the task force meeting , providing EES management is agreeable , to get a better picture of what is going on . Again , I hate to see you go but it will still be value added to RAC and Enron . Have fun! ! Rick
I liked him alot . Seems ready , willing and able to make a move . What are your thoughts ? Rick
Sounds fine to me . Does it make sense to run resume past Brown and Sherriff prior to bringing him over ? Also , is the idea he would be a director , sr director or vp ? Each of these paths has consequences as you know . Rick
Thanks for the feedback . I sent my best guy there so I hope there is improvement . We have been talking to a candidate for credit that Ted will be discussing with you soon . Hopefully we can make progress there also . I want complete buy in from you and John on this guy before we proceed . Separately , the scrap metals meeting we had with Causey went well . We will reconvene in two weeks to see where we are . Thanks again for the feedback . I was a little worried about Ted after the MD disappointment but it seems he has recovered . Rick
thanks- now i just have to convince jeff-- rick
This is fine by me . Rick Buy
Since my daughter is going over to London it prompted me to see if that would be a good time for me to come as well . Then week of March 5 . I could stay a day or two if needed . Any thoughts ? Rick
Check out this site . Rick
thanks- now i just have to convince jeff-- rick
This is fine by me . Rick Buy
Check out this site . Rick
What type of projects ? If you give me a brief description of what you are referring to I can forward to the correct person . Thanks , R . Buy
Please include Bill Bradford if possible . Tx Rick
Please include Bill Bradford if possible . Tx Rick
This was an excellent response . No need to take too much grief though . Rick
Jeff- this guy sent me this email . Probably not any interest to you , but you can decide . Rick
This was an excellent response . No need to take too much grief though . Rick
Are you alive ? How is your health ? Is stress a big part of your life ? Hope all is well . You are doing a great job there for us but if it gets to be too much we'll try to help . I noticed that west power has already made a fortune this year so it must be crazy . Rick
You may have an interest in this . FYI Rick
As mentioned in our floor meeting recently , attached are listings of teams that we are forming to better address the business needs of Enron as it expands both in volume and scope . Supervisors of each RAC sub group provided the names for the groups with the understanding that they may have to be adjusted from time to time . Only the more senior people were included , but others will be included as appropriate . Many will have to be multidimensional . There will be no formal leader of the teams because each member is responsible for the activities of the team , regardless of the RAC group that you are in . Following are several thoughts concerning this process for consideration . - The purpose of this exercise is to better serve the customer , the commercial business units and achieve this within our control framework . - Ancillary benefits include cross training of RAC employees and heightened awareness of RAC issues . "De-silo-ization" .  - All existing reporting relationships remain unchanged , for the moment . - Successful implementation of this effort will require a positive attitude among the teams . - Existing RAC responsibilities remain in effect . - Teams should meet weekly , at least , to discuss issues . Transactions will require more frequent informal meetings . - There are no excuses for forgetting to consider the impact on a deal of credit , market risk or our portfolio . - All team members are responsible for all aspects of a transaction . Offer to help out if needed . - If formal cross-training is necessary , force it to happen . - Encourage weak links in team to perform . - Each quarter RAC management will conduct portfolio reviews of the business unit with the team present . This may take one quarter to implement . - If it makes sense to sit together for logistical reasons try to arrange it with your supervisor . - Individual performance on the teams will be strongly considered in the PRC and compensation processes . The existing EES team has been quite successful and in large part was a catalyst to the recent reorganization there . You can have an impact . This process should begin immediately . Thanks in advance for your cooperation in this effort . Rick
You may have an interest in this . FYI Rick
fyi , rick
fyi , rick
No further Board approval is required . I'm told that new products on EOL require the lawyers to get involved but that will happen when you request to put the product online . Rick
What do you think . Probably ok I guess . Rick
I'll be in New York . They will have to fly solo on this . Rick
Great news . Thanks for the heads up . Rick
What do you think . Probably ok I guess . Rick
I'll be in New York . They will have to fly solo on this . Rick
No problem publishing- fake numbers , fake names and the real deal was not done . Should be pretty safe . Rick
Great news . Thanks for the heads up . Rick
No- I'm meeting w/ Bradford at 11 to discuss . Want to join us ? Rick
The Board meeting has concluded and I can now focus on the task force . The following people in RAC have been assigned to this effort as follows: Legacy Opportunity Molly Harris Teresa Seibel James Copeland Michael Tribolet Jay Hachen Minal Dalia Don Rollins Rick Carson Jeff Soo Debbie Brackett Sue Vasan On Going Opportunities Denise Fury Mark Wilson Dana Smith Andrew Greer Martin O'leary Jay Hachen Dave Gorte Darren Schmidt David Port Jeff Soo This is a huge commitment of staff from RAC and will strain us no end , but it is necessary . If you want RAC to lead this effort I will appoint Michael Tribolet to manage the task . If you want someone else to manage the effort we will assist as we can . Regardless of who leads this effort we need following: Commitment of EES back office staff people Commitment of IT resources Commitment of Skilling to fund the overage to the RAC budget , which I am under huge pressure to reduce , not increase . Let me know how to launch this program . Rick
fine by me , rick
No- I'm meeting w/ Bradford at 11 to discuss . Want to join us ? Rick
fine by me , rick
fyi , rick
Spoke with Ben Glisan re our conversation on retail credit and concluded that we should meet with some banks that specialize in this area . Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting . The concept is that a deal flows into a website? ? that is basically a checklist and the transaction is sized and scoped . If it met deal criteria and portfolio requirements , it would flow directly to an outside shop that would fund , bill , track etc . Enron could possibly keep a small interest in economics and of course a skim . Lets review presentation , then discuss with Ben/Andy and Janet D . and proceed to banks . Ben is clearing idea with Delaney . We are shooting for a Friday ( 23 ) meeting . Thanks , Rick
fyi , rick
What conference ? Rick
need to know more . focused on trading ? or assets ? rick
Was speaking w/ Lavo today on a different matter and he mentioned you were a great help to him in managing his world and was quite complementary overall . I can count on one hand how often this happens in RAC so keep it up . Great job . Thanks , Rick
What conference ? Rick
need to know more . focused on trading ? or assets ? rick
? ?????????????????????????????????????????? ? Rick
I attend a regular meeting with AA and Rick Causey discussing EES internal controls . They have asked for a detailed presentation on : -EAM business -Tariff curve summary and positions against those curves -Credit issues in general . I will try and get more details for this but we should get together soon and get it organized . EES may attend but not present . I think we should give them an overview of the business and what needs to be accomplished in each of the above areas . Probably a one hour mtg but maybe two . Lets try to meet next week . Karen- please set up . Tx Rick
? ?????????????????????????????????????????? ? Rick
Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with above group ? Rick
I approve this request . Thanks , Rick Buy
I approve this request . Thanks , Rick Buy
Karen- please circulate to all RAC worldwide . Tx Rick It is with great sorrow that I must announce the passing of Andy Knight , manager in the Market Risk Group . Andy succumbed to cancer on Feb . 22 , 2001 and will have funeral services in Florida . There may be a memorial service here in Houston arranged through his church but details have not been announced . Please contact Veronica Valdez for details . Andy was with RAC and Enron only briefly before being diagnosed , but made a real impact especially on those that worked closely with him . Andy had a warm and personable style , which along with his technical capability , made him a real asset to the group . He will be missed .
Thanks for the information on the GB 58 . This boat far exceeds what I want . After the show I concluded that either a 42 or 46 foot classic is most appropriate for my needs . Would like to also consider the 36 foot model . Thanks for the info though and keep me in mind . I enjoyed talking to you at the boat show and my wife was quite sold on the GB line ( after looking at most everything there in detail) . As I mentioned I am in no particular rush as I probably have a year before I want to go forward on this but if something exciting came up , either new or used , I may be interested . Again , I would need your help in obtaining appropriate dockage ( in someone's backyard! ) Thanks , Rick Buy
Phone numbers for Ted Murphy , Anne=wife Work 020-778-35005 Home 020-7937-2051 Cell 78815-12144 They are very nice and are expecting you and Rebecca . Feel free to ask them for advice , help or whatever . If something happens and you need money I'll pay Ted back . Have fun , Love Dad .
Wow! ! Quite the atricle . Great job . You should publish it in business week or fortune . Thanks for sending me a copy . Rick Buy
ted fyi , rick
It is critical that RAC speak as one here . Be sure to coordinate with Tribolet and Hachen on this stuff . Rick
fyi , rick
no problemo rick
I like this . Tx Rick
I may have caused some confusion regarding a credit person in New York . Karen left me a message that a new credit person in NY had started and wanted to meet me since she was in Houston . Turns out it was Bridgett Frazer who Bryan hired for Credit.com . Sorry for confusion . Rick
yes , assuming you don't have an objection . i thought you were attending these meetings already but there are so many of them i get confused . rick
yes , tx rick
Stephanie- can you fax this guy a blank dash . Tx Rick
The names on this list seem very expensive to me . Do we really need this council ? Rick Buy
please put this on my calendar . tx rick
no , rick
Wanted to apologize for running out on you in our meeting in London . Unfortunately , you just can't keep Frevert waiting , especially when he wants to have a beer . Lets catch up when you are in Houston . Rick
Elizabeth- I think it best that at this stage I opt out of this engagement . The situation I described to you is looking more and more like it is going to happpen and there is a real possibility I am totally engaged by the time this conference comes around . I am sorry if this poses a problem for you but there should be plenty of time to arrange an alternate . Rick
Agree- thats what I thought when I met with her over there . Why don't you give her a call and try to arrange something . One thing I would rather not pay any relocation expenses since she is moving on her own accord . Have Suttle call her also . Tx Rick
I think we will try to want to make this work for you . Bill Bradford and/or John Suttle will be contacting you . Tx Rick Buy
Karen- talked to Whalley on this . He said he is going to kill deal but needs to do it carefully so he doesn't de-motivate people . So I guess we should keep working on it but it most likely won't go anywhere . A big concern Enron has now is that we have $7 billion of int'l assets and the fear is that we lose people and no one will be around to monitor and operate these assets . You need to use discretion on this but not waste too much time . Rick
Tim- Thanks for your note . Before Janet D . left she had requested additional resources and we began making arrangements to get people in place . We have assigned Tracy Ngo , Ed Sacks , Paul Radous and Wendy Conwell to power . We also have moved other RAC people into credit , Mark Ruane ( VP) , Ken Curry ( Dir) , and Carol North ( Mgr) . Unfortunately it takes some time to get these people trained on transactional credit issues but they should come along quickly . We are in the market for more . It might be helpful to know if we could clone Tracy , how many would you need , given your plans in the market . Tracy is one of our best people . Also , does being in Houston work or do we need resources in Portland . I'll meet w/ Tracy next week when she is in Houston and get her views as well . Please don't hesitate to let me know if we aren't keeping up and of course if you are gearing up for a new market push and anticipate additional needs let us know ASAP because there is a 12 month or so training period required for a strong performer to get up the Enron curve . Thanks , Rick
Ted- I gave my pass to Mark Frevert who was going to return it for me . I guess he didn't . I'll leave him a message . Rick
Norm Tourangeau of B of A Please call re collateral Tx , Rick
Here is an application for George when he retires . Rick
I see no reason not to except they rotate out in a year . Maybe we could have them rotate to another group in RAC . We need bodies so my vote would be to take him if he passes our test . Rick
I'm in . Maybe we could form a committee so Mark could be on it . He could even chair it if he was up to it . Regards , Rick Buy Executive Vice President Chief Risk Officer and member of VP PRC Committee Enron Corp .
thats really below the belt
I think it would be best if we sent a team to you office for a day or two . If we did it here it would be difficult to get people's attention for anything other than a minute . Let me know your thoughts . Rick
I didn't realize everything was here . Lets set a date and get after it . Rick
fyi , rick
fyi , rick
probably not worth the time . i think it is kind of a rehearsal . rick
Do you guys think these meetings are still necessary ? Rick ( I don't )
fyi- we need to discuss , rick
I left Skilling a message on this . Lets see what he has to say . Rick
Rudi- I still have a hard time visualizing the risk here , other than pure dilution , which I guess we care about . There must be a way to communicate this issue graphically or with an example presented on a well thought out spreadsheet . If you ( we ) don't figure out a way to communicate the problem here we have no chance of winning the battle . Rick
We can help you interview . Bradford and Port can really help in this process but its best if you screen them first . As far as dates go we have an Enron BOD mtg coming up which totally consumes us . This meeting is in early May , so after mid April it starts to get crazy . It would be easier for me if you gave me a couple dates and I will see if we can accommodate . Rick
Spoke with Louise Kitchen on another matter but unprompted she mentioned she really valued the watch list work as well as the snapshot effort . She actually raved about the whole effort . Keep up the good work and let the group know it is valued . Now just do it faster and more efficiently so you can do other stuff as well!! ! Rick
thanks for checking- it is unusual that they post interest daily . rick
Shawn- thanks for info . We have done a lot on retail credit effort and should probably have a meeting to update everyone . I'll try to set something up . Rick
Thank-you for your prompt response . R . Buy
Probably unnecessary to attend regularly from my point of view but I have no issue either way . I think it is a good idea to meet monthly with Causey . Rick
We have received a request to change UK power limit from $12.6MM VAR to $35MM . Quite sizeable but I spoke with Richard Lewis and he seemed convinced it was necessary . Do you guys agree ? What if it were $20MM ? Skilling will definitely ask why such a large increase so I need to have your full support . Rick
I believe the following series of emails is a colossal waste of time . Lets get risks into books , risk systems working , options valued and into books.It seems we are trying to build a race car when there are no roads . Rick
I think they will get the point . Rick
This is the site . It refers to other sites . Rick
Attached is the list Karen gave me for the PRC members . Seems like a long list . Can we shorten ? If not I guess it is ok , it will just take longer and be harder to reach consensus . Rick
Better get after this quickly . Are we working on this already ? Rick
This is a good article , on balance . Interesting how utilities have charged the highest rates . Tx , Rick
How does this list sound for committee . Bradford Carson Lowry Petersen Murphy Davies Port Schultz Buy Let me know . Tx . Rick
Good ideas . I want to meet with all groups soon to see how progress is going . Will start scheduling soon . Rick
Dick Foster is a consultant to the Board of Directors who works for Mckenzie . Each BOD meeting he wants to meet with a group and we are on the list . I talked to Rebecca Carter and suggested we present him the bank presentation and she thought that was a good idea . Please make yourself available for this . Ted - if you can stay an extra day it would be helpful but not essential if you need to get back . Let me know . Tx Rick
I think the daily IT issue meeting has been quite successful in addressing problems in systems and working toward resolution on systems related issues . I would like to expand the scope of this meeting to include daily operational issues as well . I plan on restarting my attendance at these meetings on Wednesday . Can the RAC people listed above please make a start at some of the recurring issues . Thanks , Rick
Sally- got your voice mail as well . Don't want to create more meetings . Just had a total of three market risk people quit or transfer and each one said one of the considerations was they spent so much time on operational issues that they weren't developing as they should analyzing portfolio risk . I think it might be best if we have a meeting or two and see what issues are identified . It may be better to split in two meetings as you suggested . I need to hear what the nature of the problems are . Some I know like ees , metals , uk power but I think there may be some other fundamental issues that are hindering progress here . No need for you to attend . I will let you know what we come up with including if there are no issues at all ! Rick
Recall that Jeff had several requests when we met with him . I asked you to write them down . Did you ? Have we done all of them ? Can you give me an update ? Tx Rick
good
Why are we paying someone to do this ? I think we should transfer Keith to credit full time and put his analysis capabilities to use . Rick
We have submitted your request for $30 million of UK Power VAR to the Board for approval . I thought about this issue a lot before doing so because I don't feel we are fully in control of the infrastructure there and a large limit can add to the danger . My understanding is that there is an IT and backoffice effort underway to improve this situation and it needs to have focus to complete . Please keep the pressure on over there to get the infrastructure where it needs to be . Thanks , Rick
Is this the deal you referenced at the exec comm ( B ) meeting ?  Or is there another one . I asked my guys to check if we had seen deal . Rick
fyi , they forgot you ! rick
My vote would be to initiate a claim , as I want to see if it works and how much hassle is involved . We should have a meeting to get everyone's view . I will get Karen to set up . Tx Rick ( Karen- please set up a half hour mtg w/ Causey , Bill , Glisan and Jeff Hodge . Time sensitive so we need in next couple days . Tx Rick
Bill-I asked Joe to put this together . fyi , Rick . Fwd to Molly
thanks for the note . these events aren't cheap so it is nice to know they are worth while to some . rick
these files are password protected . what is this for ? rick
why ?
fyi- rick
Blaise- I have distributed your resume internally to a couple places . We have no people needs right now , ( just the opposite) , but maybe one of the other groups does . Will let you know if anything pops . Rick
Since you are in charge of career development- I want to be President , soon . Seriously , you should probably meet with me or some of the group leaders in RAC so you have a clear picture ( in case you don't ) of what we do . I'd be happy to meet with you as would Dave Gorte . Let me know if this would be valuable for you . Tx Rick
The city buys power ? Has PA been downgraded due to dot com flops ? Rick
Good job ! Reserve is low , historically speaking . Rick
I will think about it . We are achieving the correct outcome here but the timing is off . Concentrate on Caulfield and Oman . Get Brown involved to make sure we get those guys . Use Ene options as a currency to entice them . Upside much better than Chase/JP . Just a thought . Rick
Ted , my comments are indicated below .
I am on the Board of Mariner and attended a Board meeting last week discussing company . They are looking as good as I've seen them since the inception of the deal . It might be a good time to consider selling . Probably still couldn't get it off at book but closer than ever before . Just a thought . ( As if you didn't have anything else to do. ) Rick
As with muni bonds , it is nice to be able to just raise taxes to cover your costs . ( Unless you are the taxpayer) . Tx for update , Rick
looks good to me . jeff may want to just sign deals quickly without explanation as he does often on dashes . rick
do you want to talk to this lady ? i don't . rick
No interest in participating . As you can imagine Enron gets a large number of similar requests and I have adopted a policy of not cooperating , purely from a time management standpoint . Sorry , Rick Buy
Can you help here ? Rick
I will look into this . Get back to you soon Rick
Can we discuss this ? Rick
No , I already told her there was no interest at Enron . No need to pursue . Rick
I hate to ask you to make yet another trip . However , there is probably nothing more important right now given markets view of us as a trading company . ? Let me check w/ Despain on pulse here . Get back to you . Rick
EGM has the largest number of trading books in the company with over 500 active books and despite this you guys do the best job getting worldwide information to us in a timely and accurate fashion . ( I wish I could get the rest of the company to this point) . I'm told that the people referenced below have contributed in a big way to this effort . Thanks for the effort . Rick
Will be out of town . Thanks anyway . Rick
Heard back from Tim . Please plan on attending . Port , Bradford , you and I will attend from RAC . Moody's is having trouble with our loss of $694MM that I told them when they were here . We need to start pulling together explicitly why we lost so much in one day , what the var limits were that day and what has been the experience since then . Tx Rick
i would like more detail if we have it tx rick
David Port should be contacting you shortly . We are in a major revamp of the policy and limits etc . Has to be submitted for next Board Meeting . I don't think there is appetite for increasing overall risk in Enron ( corp var ) so the allocation becomes critical . Should be an interesting discussion . More to come . Rick
Were we involved in transaction ? Did we run any numbers . Were we at the meeting with Skilling ? Was corporate development involved ? Who ? Rick
tx , rick
thanks for heads up . i will let you know how meeting goes . rick
I can meet wed pm . Can you ? Call Karen to schedule . Tx Rick
meeting was postponed because whalley going to london . need next week . tx rick
looks good to me . rick
Is this who you were going to consult for ? Rick
Looks fine to me . No comments . Rick
We seem to have resolved billing/account difficulties . Would like to talk to you about setting up a system to manage cash so it can be in place and functional when I decide I have had enough of this place . Give me a call next week if you can . Thanks , Rick
Vlady- you may have to do this for me as I will be in NYC the day before with Moody's and there is a chance I will be delayed . We should develop what we want to say together so either of us can speak . Tx Rick
Dave- we can act as a check on this . Be sure all underwriters are aware . Tx Rick
This looks great . Send it out . Rick
Just between you and I , I think there may be an issue here of a couple personalities . We can't have that in your group or mine . I'll watch carefully . On the subject of timing , we should probably have a standard to shoot for . Time to read contract , run model , review results and communicate . I'll talk to Bill about this . On the issue of the hotline , we do not have everyone trained in running models for EES deals . We are working on getting more people up to speed . Thanks , Rick
Will you take a stab at this w/ Hughes . Rick
Jim- J Block was just a gas contract . At Enron , risk is controlled through one of two mechanisms: a book structure with approved limits and daily reporting of P&L or through a one off approval of a Dash . No risk should be taken on outside of these boundaries . Even though there is no capital , a gas contract contains market and credit risk and should be approved , providing it doesn't fit into a book . Rick
Lets discuss this . Rick
They need to post more cash . Let me know . Maybe a call to Cronin . Rick
Bill- fyi , Rick
Billy- would like to attend but will be out of town . Rick
more pressure . rick
I would like to attend this as well . Rick ( Unless it would be disruptive )
do you guys think this is worthwhile ? i think it might be interesting to see what others are doing . $75k rick
fyi , rick
Bill- can you attend a joint ews/ees coordination mtg on the 18th . Will be all day . Janet wants either you or I there but I have Spec Tech PRC that day . Can't delegate it . Rick
yes , i may attend in the am before the prc . rick
Thanks for note . Sounds like good progress on people side . It seems , like many things , that a huge effort is followed by a period of nothing , but eventually the balls that have been rolling generate enuf "mo" to make a difference . Rick
Thanks for note . I recall our conversation . I've had surgery but as you know the worry is did they get it all ? Surface tissue of tongue on bottom right . This is so weird since I don't smoke or dip which are the primary risk factors . Thanks for your concern and I will let you know how this goes . I have found that information control is critical so please don't discuss with anyone . I go back to MDA in a month for follow-up visit ( ultra sound of lymph nodes) . Rick
OK but this is a tree and I want to focus on the forest . A few facts on this may be helpful to understand the forest . Also , be sure to coordinate with Ted on London stuff . Tx Rick
Lets cancel for the moment . Bring up at next staff meeting . Rick
Karen- please set up a meeting on this with Bill B and whoever he wants to attend . Next week if possible . Tx Rick
Tx , Rick
Thanks for note . I may need your help here as I won't be able to filter stuff as much as I usually do so if my guys are reviewing something that looks way off let me know . Also , spoke with Pug re joint meeting and he nthinks we need 2 hours for it and probably won't be able to discuss international assets and lessons learned this time around.Is there anyway we can increase time for joint meeting to 2 hours , and have audit and finance as well ? Pug really wants to leave adequate time to discuss limits etc . He also wants to be sure that all BOD feel they are invited . How do we do that ? Rick
At least you know you are out of control . That is partial success . Thanks for note . Rick
looks ok to me- rick
Whats up with this comment? ? Rick
i think i did this properly . any way you can check ? rick
What is status of this ? Rick
Maybe we need to rethink entire process . I haven't been totally comfortable with it anyway but it hasn't been high enuf on the list . Maybe after BOD mtg . Rick
Did this lady contact you ? Rick
A great tool , launched from the right platform . We are definitely making progress around here . Keep it up . Rick
Enron's 2001 United Way Campaign focuses on making a difference to people severely impacted by the recent flood "Allison" . All business units and Corporate functions will be participating in a Day of Caring , teaming with the following United Way agencies: Jewish Community Center , YMCA , Neighborhood Centers , and Center for the Retarded . The Corporate functions and EGAS employees' Day of Caring is on Wednesday , August 8 , 2001 , and we will be teaming with the Jewish Community Center to provide assistance to senior citizen meals-on-wheels beneficiaries . Activities that will be completed that day include painting , yard work , landscaping , cleaning , and various home repairs . The Jewish Community Center provides community services to individuals regardless of religious orientation . These services include: childcare , youth development , summer day camp , meals-on-wheels and congregate meals to the elderly , health and recreation programs , dance , drama and music programs , refugee services and other community services . The Jewish Community Center is responsible for providing approximately 40% of Houston/Harris County meals-on-wheels per day . Funding comes from a combination of federal and state programs , the United Way and individuals . I encourage every single employee to take at least half of your day on August 8th to participate in this effort . RAC's goal is 100% participation . It is a unique opportunity to truly make a difference in someone's quality of life , and you will be able to see first hand how your United Way contributions improve the lives of people in our own community . Below are our United Way contacts within each group that will be helping with this process and can answer any questions . Please sign up with your team leader by designating whether you are interested in participating for a full day , or for which half of the day , and they will review with each function's department head to ensure appropriate RAC coverage for that day's responsibilities . Thank you in advance for volunteering your time . Let's show everyone that RAC is dedicated to helping those that are less fortunate . Rick Enron Corp . Day of Caring RAC Representatives: Cassandra Schultz and Rebecca Phillips RAC Day of Caring Team Leaders: Underwriting: Cindy Hudler Credit Risk: Darren Vanek Market Risk: Rita Hennessy Portfolio Management: Becky Caudle Compliance: Shelli Smith
I didn't see where she said it was mismarked . I have been seeing your comments on this validation process and I do think we ( RAC ) can improve here . I've asked David Port to dig in and make some recommendations . Rick
Great job and great team . Stick to your guns going forward . Rick
Today WSJ article on page 1 is good example of what we try to capture . They weren't MTM'ing their junk bond portfolio and it went against them . They were also trying to increase earnings by taking on more risk , without the risk system in place . They fired cfo and are looking for a risk person! ! Good reading . FYI , Rick
Approve as written . Rick
She needs a higher prc rating for an office . rick
David - I already apprised Whalley of this issue . He is thinking about it . Rick
As we discussed , please verify or have verified by IT , the email and calendar access of Ted Murphy relative to Veronica Valdez . Have all such access disconnected if you find it connected . Thanks , Rick Buy
fyi , rick
Great!!!! . Rick
Great . If we have any inkling of a sale it should probably be mentioned at this BOD meeting . We can call an executive committee when an actual approval is required but August can be real tough with vacations . Thanks for update . Rick
Any interest ? Rick
FYI Hope this helps . Rick
As you are now aware , the United Way Campaign has now kicked-off and RAC is very much an important part of the efforts and activities that have been and will be taking place . First of all , Monday morning , each of you should have received a small package of Lego building blocks and a schedule of United Way activities for the week . The building blocks symbolize Enron's commitment to "Building Houston's Future" with the United Way and the schedule outlines the coming activities that Enron employees will be engaging in to show support for the United Way Agencies and the Houston community . To highlight this week's activities: On Wednesday , August 8 , many of our RAC colleagues will be participating in the 2001 Enron Days of Caring . The Enron Corporate Team , of which RAC is a large and important part , will be providing assistance to the Jewish Community Center . If you have already volunteered to play a role in this activity--thank you . If you have not had an opportunity to volunteer and would like to , please contact any one of this year's RAC United Way Campaign Coordinators--Cindy Hudler , Rebecca Phillips , Darren Vanek , Shelli Smith , Becky Caudle , Cassandra Schultz or Chip Schneider . On Friday , August 10 , Enron will host an Appreciation Event in Antioch Park which will include a complimentary lunch from Chick-Fil-A and activities to celebrate Enron employee efforts during the week . Included in this event will be the Building Block Challenge contest featuring managers from around Enron including Dave Gorte and Chip Schneider on the Corporate Team . Please plan on coming out to join-in the celebration and support our colleagues . Of course , underlying all of the planned activities is the financial need that the Houston area United Way Agencies have for the Year 2002 . This year has been extraordinary due to the flooding and devastation experienced by the Houston area during Tropical Storm Alison . In addition to providing their typical day-to-day community services , many United Way Agencies played a crucial role in the recovery effort and still provide support to those affected by the storm . A contribution to the United Way this year is as important as ever given the extraordinary need . Remember approximately $0.90 out of every $1.00 go directly to benefit our friends , neighbors and fellow citizens in the Houston area . I sincerely encourage you to support RAC's objective of 100% participation in this aspect of the Campaign by making a contribution . Contributions can be made by clicking on the Enron Human Resources website at Thanks for your support . Best regards , Rick
Unfortunately , I will be on vacation . Dave Gorte in my group would be a good candidate to attend if you think appropriate . Tx , Rick Buy
After reviewing the Doorstep audit at Long Beach with the team I have the following conclusion: 1 . We should shut these offices down because we can not control them . They don't make much money and will be a huge negative after losses at Long Beach . ---or---- 2 . We establish a rigid template for how these offices operate . My thought is that we create a McDonalds Hamburger type operation . Each office is exactly the same and operates under precise and well communicated rules . "Hamburger" quality is monitored from Houston routinely . There are a huge number of these remote offices so we need to address how we proceed . Any thoughts ? Rick
Sounds interesting but I am sort of long people at the moment . I bet Fastow could use him . Rick
fyi , rick
Looks accurate to me . Rick Buy
Jeff , sorry about the meeting but BOD meeting is next week and we all have to jump for it . Rick
Glad to help . Good luck- seemed like a tough crowd . Rick
Any news here ? Rick
There is a lot of heat building on this . Where are we now . Rick
tx , rick
Will be on vacation but wish MK the best of luck . Rick
I would like to extend my appreciation to you and all who contributed to the preparation of the Audit , Finance ( and combined ) meetings books , policies , simulations , calculations and machinations involved in this effort . It was huge . I would be happy to sponsor a happy hour if anyone is interested . I will not be able to attend but would love to . Please pass along to all in group . I will be out after today's meetings for a while but I can be reached and I will occasionally check email and voice mail . Rick
fyi , rick
I agree . Given that Andy's world is expanding ( corp dev ) he may be even less accessible . I'll discuss with Andy and Ben . Rick
Any issues ? Rick
Had a miscommunication . I will talk to Janus . What should I say ? Rick
fyi- is nymex in world trade bldg ? rick
Was out of town but back now . I asked my group to look at your note and apprise me . Will let you know when they do . Tx Rick
fyi , rick
I haven't done any feedback on anyone and I don't know how and I have a good excuse . If Sheila teaches me this week I will do it . Tx Rick
Mr . Fleming: Thanks so much for the helpful letter on membership and general information . Your letter indicated that I should make application through the Membership Committee , who would provide me with an application . You copied Cmde . Roth on the letter so I will contact him to request an application or schedule a meeting . ( I have no contact information for him other than through the PYC , is that appropriate? ) I found a potential slip at Great Cove Boat Club and was wondering if you had heard of this marina and if other members used this facility . Thanks again for getting back to me . Richard ( Rick ) Buy P.S . I heard on the news one of the pilots was from Portsmouth . So tragic . I'm sure people there are as devastated as they are here .
i don't like this . we must make a decision . rick
yes
Input is fine . You will have your hands full at tnpc . rick
Was Reilly crawling home when he saw you at the underpass ? Be happy to get together either in office or breakfast/lunch . Give me a call . Rick
I get snail mail and file the statements . You should too . You can view your account online , with a password , but keep getting written confirmations and statements . You never know if a plane might crash into their computers . Love , Dad ( A time will come when you don't need paper but I don't think we are there yet. )
I was just thinking of the mountain of things going on , outside of normal stuff , and I decided to make a list . Here it is: Formation of International Credit Group- Bradford/Murphy Curve Validation Issue-Port/Gorte Steel Issues-Bradford/Gorte Operational Risk Metrics/Implementation-Curry Bankruptcy Group-Gorte/Carson/Tribolet/Bradford Retail Credit-Bradford/Carson Private Equity Trading-Gorte Credit Consistency study- Buy I think we should have a meeting to discuss above . Some are bigger than others . Organization and website need to adapt to current business environment . If anything else belongs on this list let me know . Karen will set up meeting . Rick
no
no , we have the rac seats for all of these games right ? rick
Thanks for help . This is a tremendous service you guys provide . R . Buy
I think you will find much more demand than you think for engineers , although the economy is suffering at the moment . It does not sound like this lady has her act together . I wish I knew more about biomedical engineers . You should talk to the head of the dept . and ask who is big in the industry and send them all letters with a resume attached . Don't worry at all about your resume right now , it is almost irrelevant . Your grade point average and salutatorian are relevant . There are very few female engineers in the workplace which will help you a lot . You could work for companies like Enron , Exxon , Shell for example but it would not be in your major . My guess is the major pharmaceutical firms may hire you but you need to research this . The first stop should be the head of the department . Lets talk more on this topic . Love , Dad
help!! !
fyi,pls handle tx rick
agree- there should be no issue whatsoever getting him promoted at ye rick
FYI Rick
fyi , rick
I worked there for 4 years , including the 93 bomb incident . This whole thing is beyond my imaginations ability to comprehend . Rick
My name is Rick Buy and I saw your note in Points East magazine indicating you could take on some new members . This sounds terrific to me . Are there still "opening"s ? I own a 25 foot Boston Whaler , am new to the area , and would like to meet some nice people and would like to join others on a cruise occasionally . My wife , Janice , likes boating as well but neither of us owns an ascot . I would love to give you a call and discuss this but I thought I would write this email first . Rick
I can't believe you finally got Vlady . You must have snuck in while I was on vacation . By the way , Whalley , Port and I talked and decided we would try removing all your limits except var . Lets see how it works . Rick
Does anyone ask how the reserve is split between deals ? Also , do they ask is it can be reduced because of portfolio effect ? Just curious . Rick
Good job . Recoveries down sharply in '01 due to?? ? Rick
Now that Raptor is blown up , should we begin valuation efforts of assets and include in merchant portfolio . I am not familiar with details of how it unwound so I don't know what we are left with . Is this worth a meeting with you or your designesss ? Rick
fyi , lets have a mtg .
I will attend both events . Tx , Rick
Ask Port . It was in an appendix to finance comm book . 2 mtgs ago i think . it had pug's q&a as well . Port will know what I'm talking about . Rick
Thanks , I'll keep in mind . Its unfortunate we have to develop expertise in this area . Rick
fyi? ? rick
fyi , we are considering buying a server . rick
Have fun . You guys do a great job on the reporting info for BOD and it is appreciated . Rick
very good thought . i'll pursue . tx rick
lets discuss need gorte as well . rick
fyi- this sound familiar ? rick
So noted . Watch is a defined term in our system but doesn't mean you don't "watch" everything else . So long , and may all your investments remain "performing" . Rick
Why would they already have received "funds" . Rick
Tx . I often wonder if all reserve amounts agreed to find there way to the general ledger reserve . Rick
I had my weekly update meeting with my team on metals and was quite encouraged by the report . Seems like real good progress on all fronts . As400 systems work , var implementation and trading results all seemed positive . Some issues around SAP/AS400 reconciliation but recognized . Metals was one of my biggest worries but has slipped way down the list . Great work to your team . Rick
i think i would to attend the weekly meeting with haedicke . can you get me invited ? tx rick
fyi , any thoughts ? rick
have fun
We should meet next week and discuss who is doing what to who in your group . I have lost track of some of the names . Nice update , thanks . Rick
Ted- I am taking 10-18-01 off . I'll have my cell phone if needed . I informed McMahon about Bali Klockner . He was unaware of issue . Rick
fyi- don't forward to anyone . Rick
John- I received this and have no idea as to its origin . Do with as you will . Rick
Thanks . Hopefully we will have some sort of official statement today to restore confidence . Tough situation . Rick
fyi thoughts ? rick
Joe - should I get some lunch ordered ? Rick
We need to talk today on what we say to ctpies . AES called for $50 million and Louise wants to keep them happy . Others are slowly restricting us in various ways . We need a story . Rick
Joe- Where is liquidity group meeting . My group wants to spend some time with them and then reconvene with us to discuss book position s . Rick 3-4739
Glad it was worthwhile for you . We'll have more . Rick
starting to . rick
This is not fun . Rick
Please ring Draper at AEP Current position: We have paid them all of the margin they have contractual rights for - $33.5mm gone out today which is margin under our financial gas contract . However , they want full collateral on all of their power position ( this is being driven by Bill Reid on their power floor -ex Enron employee) , the amount is another $220mm ( they have no collateral rights to this) . Essentially , the credit guy ( Frank Hilton ) is hurting us in the market and anything you can do to help is appreciated . I believe some of this is vindictive behaviour from an ex-employee and senior management may not know what he is up to . Louise Tel 011447778757656 ( care of Rick's email )
good . my personal email is ourternrbb@aol.com tx rick
Thanks for invitation but I had better hang loose during this crisis . Keep me in mind in the future . Thanks Rick Buy
can't make investment recommendations , but maybe we can go in on a duplex in south louisiana . we could be investment advisors to shrimpers . what a mess . see ya rick
Hi Jule- thought about your comment about Fidelity . You need to get those checks and monthly statements . Call them and tell them to get that stuff to you . Don't call the jerk . Call the 800 number . You should carefully manage your money . It is very important . Love , Dad .
Please circ to all of RAC . I want to thank everyone for their hard work during these trying times . Lots of our efforts in the past building systems , procedures and infrastructure pay off in times like these . Feedback from both Citibank and JPM/Chase and Enron's Board members has been very positive relative to RAC . Congratulations to all . On another note I want to caution everyone in the group from making negative statements in the presence of ours and other groups , especially more junior members of these groups . Because they come from RAC they are not considered idle commentary and can be , and have been , damaging to morale to these people . We all speculate about the state of affairs and it is a good stress relief but we can not be a part of morale reducing behavior . Things are not back to normal but they are improving . Upon receipt of commitment from banks , hopefully later today or early tomorrow , our short term issues should be resolved . Lots of activities are underway to address medium term and long term solutions . In the mean time , keep smiling . Rick
Bill should have copied you . Fyi , Rick
Looks fine to me . Tx Rick
test
FYI , Rick Buy
FYI , Rick Buy
As I alluded to in my note yesterday , Enron has received a commitment for $1 billion in additional credit from our agent banks . This is great news , more from a market perception standpoint than an actual cash need . You can be assured that senior management is totally focused on the need to shore up the balance sheet with additional equity , now that we have the debt in place , but the equity we be a longer process . In the meantime , lets get back to work . I would encourage people to talk to their supervisors about this situation if you feel "angst" . Rick
Bank deal happened . Hopefully we can return to "normal" ( asylum ) now . I imagine AF is not enjoying any beach right now . Thanks for the laugh . Rick
Amusing attachment . Rick
Thought you might like the attachment . Love , Dad
Ray- Steel group wants to purchase $15.3 million per month of steel for 3 years . It appears this deal is creating inventory ( no offsetting short) . Do you have any thoughts on this as acting head of EIM ? Doesn't sound like the best use of our liquidity at this point . Rick ( We have a million issues to address like this around the company) .
Is this ok with policy ? rick
I will attend in person . Rick
Hi I'm in the Board Meeting buy shoudn't last muchlonger . Love , me . Rick Buy
I'm in a Board meeting sending you an email on my new Skytell pager . Are you feeling better . Hope so . I better go Love , Dad Rick Buy
6:15 and still going but shouldBeDoneBy 6:30 Rick Buy
We are trying to get the banks out of our hair a little bit here so let me know if there are any more requests for info and don't send anything to them without clearing it with me first . I will run sensitive stuff past Lavo and then try to let the banks know they have enough know . They are calling people directly now and we need to stop that . Thanks , Rick
Are there lots more . If not , $2.5 million is not Whalley level discussion . Same point as we discussed this am . Rick
We can not have this going on at this time . Someone needs to negotiate for Enron . Lets discuss . Rick
I don't know that we have to cover all of this but we should meet today to get a start on this . Rick
This is ok with me . They have requested it . We only need director and above . Rick
I,m in a meeting til noon . Did you differ from me . Rick Rick Buy
We are not having a particularly good day here . We need some good news to share . Any updates please pass along asap . Tx Rick
Thanks Rick Buy
Meeting at 6:30 . Will let you know after that . Your ruler , Richard Buy
There is now a meeting at 8pm as well . Forget dinner . What a mess . See you later . Love , me . Rick Buy
Still waiting on decision . You haven't seen 120 in some time . Rick Buy
Jeff Delapino ( sp? ) from Chase has asked me to look into the above transaction to change from monthly collateralization to daily . Do you know who is familiar with this deal ? Rick
Lets do what we can . It does sound like it would be less volatile if settled daily . Rick
I think we urgently ( next 2 days ) need to have a meeting to discuss where we allocate capital and risk . Counterparties are very nervous and many are not extending us credit so we are having to prepay extensively to do business , both in the US and UK . I have two suggestions: -allocate to each business a fraction of our available liquidity or -appoint someone to make the call when a large chunk of cash is needed . For example , EGM wants to send out $200- $300 million for sixty days to buy physical to cover an option with Koch . We do not have infinite liquidity and we need to address it fast . I will try to set up a meeting tomorrow . Rick
I know there is lots going on but I would like to resign from the Board of Mariner asap . I am having trouble devoting enough time to this function and feel it would be better if I turned it over to someone else . Dave Gorte in my group would be my recommendation as a replacement . If Dave does not have an interest , Brad Larson could also fill in . Any thoughts ? If you have no issues I will proceed . Thanks , Rick
Effective immediately , I want to sign all Dashes for RAC . I have asked Dave to continue reviewing the deals and initial the Dash but I want to sign them . This will enable me to be more on top of transactions and also allow me to relate to the other things that are going on . Thanks for your cooperation . Rick
can you explain this to me ? tx rick
I can comment on trade behavior and margin if appropriate . Rick
Mary- attached is the non password protected version . This is the bare bones list of people I need , which is a 47% reduction . Also included is a list of recommended bonuses to keep some of them . Let me know if it meets your needs . I will modify it any way your heart desires . Rick
Does this impact our discussion of yesterday ? By the way , Richard Sanders was very helpful in helping me deal with this . Rick
Bill- I have revised presentation . Do you want to see it again ? Rick
Greg- we plan to counter at indicated discount . Let me know if you disagree . Rick
Fyi rick Rick Buy
Did you send out a global message from me ? I have received many replies that message is undeliverable . You can reply via email . Rick Rick Buy
Please send me an email . Is Cassandra there today ? Rick Rick Buy
I am somewhat surprised a Buffet or KKR hasn't done that very thing . Rick
This is what you are talking about ? Rick
fyi- I don't feel we have tight coordination on info xfer to these guys . I have scheduled a meeting to discuss . rick
Any thoughts on this ? Rick
Took a call from Bill Cronin at New Power today . He requested that they be able to deal with commercial customers that were off limits before , ie medium commercial or large commercial . He also mentioned that they may have an interesty in some of the people . Any thoughts ? Rick
thanks for note . laid off two thirds of staff on monday . have learned a tremendous amount and may go on lecture circuit . i wonder if a board of directors would pay to hear my story ? all is ok thanks , rick
fyi , rick
I completely agree . Please take me off this list . Thanks , Rick
Yes- There are no deals to review and I don't attend board meetings anymore . Please get me off . Call me if you need more details . Tx Rick
I need 45 minutes max for finance comm meeting . Rick
Marcy- be happy to talk to him today or tomorrow . Give me a call . Rick Buy 713-853-4739
Lyn- I was good to meet with you on Thursday . Its amazing how similar our issues are and the approaches we use to address them . I spoke with my wife and we concluded it is probably a great idea to pursue something outside of Enron so I would definitely like to continue our discussions if you think appropriate . Look forward to talking to you further . Thanks , Rick Buy
Thanks good job . You can Explain this to me next week or overthe weekend . Thanks again . Rick Buy Rick Buy
Had a great meeting . I'm quite interested as I told Lyn . Thanks for your help in quickly setting this up . If you have any follow up comments don't hesitate to call . Rick Buy Rick Buy
Jim- Please add Michael Tribolet to EIM lead position for RAC . I will have a little crossover due to skill sets which I assume is ok , you really just need a lead to coordinate and manage the process . Lets meet on Monday . Can someone that is in Netco also be one of these coordinators ? Rick
My office is fine . We will still meet prior to that as scheduled I presume . I also would like a debriefing on Friday's hearing . Thanks Rick Buy
fyi what is this?? ? rick
As we go into a possible deal with someone on Netco , we need to screen info transmitted to parties carefully and try to not send something if possible . If we need to transmit info out lets review it before it goes . Lavo or one of his people may want to review as well . Thanks Rick
Fine my me . Rick
Any news on 16b status . There is a BOD meeting tonight . Rick
Bill- there is no issue with the garage as yet . Subsidy is still in place and bills are being paid per Steve Kean and Steve Woods . If you want to move to new garage it probably can be arranged . Let me know and I can get the person to get it started for you and anyone else . I think there is plenty of parking available . Rick
no some people are in both for the moment . rick
This has info on benefits you should read . Love , me
FYI- what is this ? Do you need to be there ? Rick Rick Buy
It went well . Can you pick me Up at 11,09 am .  Cont flt 659 . Meet at arriving passenger area at lower level . Its raining here . Love me . Rick Buy
Weather is bad here . Will be a while . If anyone asks just say I'm in Dallas and you don't know why . What a pain . Rick Rick Buy
Congrats big time . Best of luck and stay in touch . Rick Rick Buy
Liz- Trip and dinner meeting went well . I have receipts for expenses so if you can tell me how to process I will . Thanks for all your help . Rick Buy
I have fixed our slide . Rick
Ted- I talked to Fallon about this and he said someone was going to get on it . I understand your concern . Rick
Be sure not to take 6.6 days . Rick
Here it is I hope . Rick
Is this case consolidated as well as the others ? Rick
I recommend David Port for position of Vice President . Rick Buy
I'll attend in person . Tx Rick
Is this still on ? I met with Michael Levy also . Are they connected ? Rick
You were always good at spotting talent . Got any more openings ? Rick PS My head has been in the bucket for a month .
I have received nothing as yet . JC/Paul will be my first call when and if I do . Rick
FYI , me
Another one . Rick
Scott- I discussed the sale of Mariner's deepwater assets with Dave Gorte and he confirmed that any sale would require both creditors committee and bankruptcy court approval prior to consummation of the deal . We don't believe there would be any issue with the sale . I hope this is consistent with your understanding . Rick Buy
Ted- I'm in New Hampshire . Will be to end of next week unless I get ordered back or fired . Hope all is well . Happy Holidays . Rick
Louise- Any notion of amount of risk bidders are comfy with , both credit and market ? I doubt anything specific has been discussed but have any ranges been thrown out . Hope all is well . Happy New Year . Rick
I am planning on being out all week . I will call in . I assume you will provide a number . Thanks , Rick Buy ( Happy New Year )
Andy- I will be out of office until friday . My mother in law had a heart attack on new years day and I'm dealing with that but will be flying back thurs pm and in office friday . If big pig people want to talk to me specifically I'll meet with them at their office or whatever . Rick
David- can you get w/ Sharon Sullo and provide this . Tx Rick
Be happy to spend some time with them . Am around all weekend if need be . Rick
Probably can't on Monday . Have a great trip . Rick
I'll attend in person . Tx Rick
I am out of office this week and will be unable to fill out questionaire . I have no personal transactions with any Enron entity . Hopefully this can wait until Monday . Rick Rick Buy
It has been unreal . Would like to catch up . I may need a job ! Looks like UBS has bought our trading operation which includes me for the moment anyway . Hope all is well on your end . Rick
Congrats!!! ! Rick
Looks great . Is it a fraternity or sorority . Love , Dad PS Mom is home .
Janet - thanks for your note . Following are my thoughts . First , I am not going to Netco . ( Long story) . Second , I have spoken with Ken Lay and Jeff McMahon about the continuation of RAC and my leading it . They both want RAC to continue and want me to lead it and also combine an internal audit function with RAC as well ( to be determined more definitively) . Jim has also requested that some RAC folks be near his operation as you have which I totally understand . I think I will assign a couple people to his floor but keep the bulk of our operation on 28 . We have counterparty credit files on 15,000 counterparties as well as Dash libraries and other info that require large secure space . My final issue is that I have had three credit people leave this week so my situation is getting critical . I need to get Netco people away from 28 and get remaining RAC people sitting together and feeling like a team . Everyone is looking and the market is hot for our credit and market risk people . I hope this addresses your issue . Rick
Louise- We need to get Netco people and UBS off the floor on 28 . It is demoralizing to the remaining estate people and I am having a huge problem keeping people in their seats . Three have quit this week and we need the ones that remain . Can you make this happen rapidly ? Thanks , Rick
Unfortunately I will be talking with the SEC next week . If you think Dave Gorte could help in this feel free to invite him to your meeting . Rick
I should have sent a copy of this to you as well . FYI Rick
Do I want to be represented by someone named lawless ? Rick Rick Buy
How so . I have tried my best over the years to improve deal quality to an audience that usually told me that I was irrelevant . Suggest you get facts before judging anyone . Rick Rick Buy
I am in Washington all week ( until Friday ) but may be available by phone . Rick Rick Buy
Sounds good to me . I'm out of office til Wed . Trip was good I presume ? Rick Rick Buy
I just found a sympathy card from Karen Heathman in my briefcase . Let me know when you get this . I am getting the feeling that these messages don't get through . Love , me . Rick Buy
I am available but I know almost nothing about the Dynegy case . Rick
Jim- Do you have a list of who I talked to in Houston and their affiliation . I would like to keep straight who I have spoken with . The only card I received is from Michael Geffroy . Let me know if there is a problem with this request . Thanks , Rick Buy
I think we do not need Board Approval , but they should be notified at the next meeting . I believe I discussed this with Pug and that is what we concluded . Therefore , we need a new DASH and a quick summary of transaction which would include changes from original deal . Rick
Lets discuss when you have a minute . Rick
Retained- Houston office . Tx , Rick
will do . i keep losing people though so it changes the landscape . rick
fyi , please send org chart , tx rick
accidently sent this to you rather than my person that handles org charts . she will send to you RAC org chart asap . rick
Absolutely ! and have a great time .
i will be there .
that sounds fine to me .
thanks for the info .
Kathy Kelly EXCELLENT The performance of the group in the area of operations/logistics is superior . Kathy is able to manage multiple tasks and is able to get performance form her people . Even with the dramatic growth of our business , the ops group has been able to manage to sustain a very high level of performance . I think Kathy could improve in the commercial area ( idetifying important data/market info ) and thinking of ways to improve our business model though systems , organizational structure , etc. . Ed Terry SASTIFACTORY/STRONG Similar comments as above in the area of operations/logistics . Ed's scope is fairly narrow , very centered to operations/logistics . I would like Ed to improve his ability/wllingness to make decisions . Very little commercial understanding , although shows interest in learning .
that is the correct address . I will complete and return the evaluation in the next few days . thank you for your help .
yes , still on for dinner . 7:30pm is ok for me . let know where and when . I look forward to seeing you and Scott .
Scott Hendrickson might be the trader on the other deal , depending on the pipeline , but he is not aware of it . Do you know the pipeline for this deal ?
sorry for the mistake .
I will be there . I think I will start earlier in the morning because I have tickets to the Astro's game .
Jason , This is perfect . Thank you for your assistance .
Anytime after 3:30pm today or after 2:30pm tomorrow . Enron North America Corp .
please find out what dates are available for this program , I need to attend some time before year end .
we need to have this info to them by 1:00pm our time .
No problem , we will have them to you by 2pm . Also , I am still working on getting this info to you in a more systematic manner but our IT people are currently swamped .
John Massey
I am Alok's representative for the global Associate PRC meeting on July 19 . I need some feed back on his performance/ranking for the first half of the year .
please add this to my calender . thank you .
I am representing him . I definately need some feedback/ranking before this PRC meeting on July 19 .
Can you please send me a copy of the NGPL transportation deal structure ? Thank you .
fyi - notice Heating Oil stocks below .
please add to my schedule . please reserve a seat for me . thank you .
I have a dentist appointment on Tuesday , July 11 at 4:00pm . I will be leaving the office around 3:15pm .
please remind Dick and me of this meeting .
riday July 7 , 11:43 am Eastern Time Company Press Release SOURCE: Columbia Gas Transmission Columbia Gas Transmission Files Innovative Capacity Auction Process With FERC FAIRFAX , Va. , July 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Continuing its quest to promote creative regulatory policies , Columbia Gas Transmission , a wholly owned subsidiary of Columbia Energy Group , has urged the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to consider an interactive , Internet-based pipeline capacity auction process that enhances Columbia's current open auction process . In a first of its kind filing , Columbia proposes a ``bid/offer'' system for selling capacity similar to on-line natural gas commodity trading systems . The filing was made in response to customer concerns with the current process and is consistent with sentiments expressed in FERC's Order 637 , which encourages companies to voluntarily submit ``new and innovative approaches'' to capacity auctions . Since the filing is not required under Order 637 , Columbia's proposed auction is separate from Columbia's Order 637 compliance filing made June 15 . ``Under the current mechanism , capacity is not always awarded to the party that places the highest value on it,'' said Carl Levander , vice-president of Rates and Regulatory Policy for Columbia Gas Transmission . ``Even though we conduct our current capacity auction over a five-day period , parties often wait until the last 15 minutes to place a bid . Also , since the current process is based on set time periods , customers often call us back after the auction is closed saying they valued the capacity greater than the winning bid.'' According to Levander , Columbia's proposal addresses these concerns by moving to an enhanced , Internet-based interactive auction that takes into consideration such current market conditions as daily fluctuations in capacity value and the increased level of auction activity due to shorter-term contracts . Under Columbia's proposed ``bid/offer'' system , Columbia would ``offer'' ( via its electronic bulletin board ) sales terms for all its available firm capacity . Customers can then match all asking sales terms for any portion of the quantity and a sale is immediate and binding . If Columbia offers discounted capacity , the customer can counter-offer with a different rate . Or , if Columbia offers maximum rate capacity , then a customer can counter-offer with a different term length . Columbia can match the highest bid , subject to a present value process , and the sale is immediate and binding . At any time before a binding sale , the customer can change or withdraw its bid . Columbia's ``bid/offer'' auction proposal meets the six basic principles outlined in FERC's Order 637 . * Columbia's auction has predictable timing since the auction will begin each day at 9:15 a.m . ( EST ) and all available capacity will be posted prior to 8:00 a.m . ( EST) . * The auction will be open to all creditworthy bidders on a non- discriminatory basis . * The auction is user-friendly since it will use Columbia's existing EBB format . All information concerning rules and procedures will be made available on the Internet . * The method of selecting the best bid will be easily understood since bidders will only be able to change one variable with respect to each capacity package made available . * As is Columbia's current practice , winning bids and the bidder's identity will be posted to permit monitoring of how the selection criteria were applied . * The bidding process will be transparent to all parties since all bids ( without the bidder's identity ) will be available for review to all bidders through an Internet-based system . ``We believe the combination of these factors will ensure that the capacity auction format is 'transparent , verifiable , and non-discriminatory' to all parties as well as innovative in design,'' Levander said . Levander said the proposal not only meets the Commission's principles , it is based on feedback gathered from customers , who expressed a desire for transparent market information; shorter auction periods; an ability to withdraw and change bids; and a real-time , immediate closure process . Columbia Gas Transmission , with offices in Charleston , W.Va. , and Fairfax , Va. , moves an average of three billion cubic feet of natural gas per day to markets along a 12,550-mile pipeline network , which reaches across 10 Midwestern , Northeastern and mid-Atlantic states . The company operates one of the largest natural gas storage systems in the country with over 240 billion cubic feet ( Bcf ) of working capacity . Columbia Energy Group , based in Herndon , Va. , is one of the nation's leading energy services companies , with assets of approximately $7 billion . Its operating companies engage in nearly all phases of the natural gas business , including exploration and production , transmission , storage and distribution , as well as retail energy marketing , propane and petroleum product sales , and electric power generation . Information about Columbia Energy Group ( NYSE: CG - news ) is available on the Internet at SOURCE: Columbia Gas Transmission Email this story - View most popular stories emailed More Quotes and News: Columbia Energy Group ( NYSE:CG - news ) Related News Categories: government , internet , oil/energy , utilities Help Copyright ,  2000 Yahoo ! All Rights Reserved . Privacy Policy - Terms of Service Copyright 2000 PRNewswire . All rights reserved . Republication or redistribution of PRNewswire content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of PRNewswire . PRNewswire shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content , or for any actions taken in reliance thereon .
please add to my schedule
thanks for the info .
please have someone pick this up for me today . thank you .
let's talk this afternoon . Enron North America Corp .
please forward to everyone in our group .
we need to make sure we go through this approval for Tammy's upcoming meeting .
perfect . thank you . Enron North America Corp .
please add individual HPL contact and Texas desk contact . thanks .
thanks for the info .
glad to be of assistance .
I have recieved the feedback forms that were completed by several people for Connie . If you have any additional feedback to add you can email it to me . Thanks .
just come by - I'll contribute .
thanks for the info .
please remind me of this meeting
please add to my schedule . thank you .
see the attached resume below . I don't know this guy but thought I'd pass it along to you .
You need to take that draft to bank by tomorrow . Mom got a voice mail saying that they will need to reissue the draft if we all have not signed by tomorrow . Call if you have questions
Network Appliance Selects TIBCO Software to Support Enterprise System Initiatives TIBCO Technology Enables Network Appliance to Integrate Its Internal Enterprise Systems Without Disrupting Its Business PALO ALTO , Calif. , July 24 /PRNewswire/ -- Advancing its leadership in the application integration space , TIBCO Software Inc . ( Nasdaq: TIBX - news) , a leading provider of real-time infrastructure software for e-business , announced today Network Appliance , Inc . ( Nasdaq: NTAP - news) , the leading provider of network-attached data access and content management solutions , has selected the TIBCO ActiveEnterprisec e-business product suite to integrate its internal enterprise systems and applications . As a fast growing company , Network Appliance has been continually implementing best-in-class enterprise systems such as enterprise resource planning , customer resource management , human resources and manufacturing applications . To integrate these disparate systems and ensure that the right people within Network Appliance have access to the information they need , Network Appliance turned to TIBCO . ``We need an integration tool that will not only enable us to share information internally , but will also enable us to extend access to this information beyond our corporate firewalls , as we expand our e-commerce capabilities,'' said Ric McCormick , director of business applications for Network Appliance . ``TIBCO's proven e-business solutions provide us with the scalability , security and reliability we need to ensure that our technology infrastructure can keep up with our business growth , and just as important , that our vital business processes not be disrupted as we continue to implement new ``To be successful e-businesses , companies need a highly efficient information infrastructure that connects every system and process in the said Fred Meyer , vice president of product management for TIBCO Software . ``TIBCO ActiveEnterprise is helping leading companies like Network Appliance further leverage their front-end and back-end IT systems and bring those systems closer to customers and partners over the Web.'' The core of TIBCO's real-time software infrastructure offering is the TIBCO ActiveEnterprise suite , designed for building a complete , end-to-end Internet and enterprise infrastructure that successfully scales to the most demanding business information networks . It provides a real-time e-business integration platform that encompasses data integration and transformation , business process coordination , messaging , enterprise portals and alerting , adapters for legacy , packaged and third-party applications , plus enterprise monitoring and management . About Network Appliance Network Appliance , Inc. , a veteran in network file serving and caching , has been providing data access solutions since 1992 , and is a member of both the S+P 500 and Nasdaq 100 index . Major corporations and ISPs , including Lycos , Yahoo! , Citicorp Securities , Siemens , Lockheed , Cisco , Motorola , and Texas Instruments have deployed NetApp solutions . NetApp Internet caching solutions ( NetCache(TM ) appliances ) and file servers ( filers ) deliver fast , simple , reliable , and cost-effective access to network-stored data and enable simultaneous shared file services for UNIX , Windows NTc , and the World Wide Web . The company pioneered the concept of the ``network appliance,'' an extension of the industry trend toward dedicated , specialized products that perform a single function . Network Appliance filers and NetCache appliances are based on the company's innovative data access software known as the Data ONTAP(TM ) operating system and standards-compliant hardware . About TIBCO Software TIBCO Software Inc . is a leading provider of real-time e-business infrastructure software . TIBCO's three product lines -- TIBCO integrate enterprise applications , interact with other businesses in B2B commerce , and efficiently deliver personalized information through enterprise portals . TIBCO's products enable the real-time distribution of information through patented technology called The Information Busc , or TIBc . TIB technology was first used to digitize Wall Street and has since been adopted in diverse industries including telecommunications , electronic commerce , manufacturing and energy . TIBCO's global client base includes more than 1,000 customers from around the world such as Cisco Systems , Yahoo! , Ariba , NEC , 3Com , Sun Microsystems , SAP , Philips , AT&T and AOL/Netscape . Headquartered in Palo Alto , California , TIBCO can be reached at 650-846-1000 or on the web at www.tibco.com . NOTE: Network Appliance is a trademark of Network Appliance , Inc . in the United States and other countries . TIBCO , TIBCO ActiveEnterprise , TIBCO ActiveExchange , TIBCO ActivePortal , The Information Bus and TIB are trademarks or registered trademarks of TIBCO Software Inc . Legal Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This release may contain forward-looking statements regarding TIBCO's business , customers or other factors that may affect future earnings or financial results . Actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements . Additional information concerning factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements can be found in TIBCO Software's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( ``SEC'') , including but not limited to its registration statement on Form S-1 which was filed with the SEC , and the most recent reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K , which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements including limited independent operating history , history of losses , unpredictability of future revenue , dependence on a limited number of customers , relationship with Reuters Group PLC , rapid technological and market changes , risks associated with infrastructure software and volatility of stock price . Copies of filings made with the SEC are available through the SEC's electronic data gather analysis and retrieval system ( EDGAR ) at www.sec.gov . TIBCO assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this document .
Thank you for the invitation but I will be unable to attend . Have a great time and thanks again for thinking of me and Enron .
I agree .
please remind me that I have a dentist's appt . on Thursday , Aug . 3 at 4:00pm . I need to leave here about 3:15pm . thank you .
James is a neighbor and good friend of mine . He and his wife went to school with my wife . Although I have never worked with James , my view is he is a marketer/originator/business developer . Enron de Mexico
Everything is good here . Gary has been with Enron for quite a while . Most recently , he managed interest rate and foreign exchange/currency risk . You should give him a call or email . Besitos a las chicas de Filo . Scott
That's too bad . i am sure you learned a lot from the experience which will serve you well on the next one . Keep plugging .
I will pay you Monday , but please remind me if I forget . Thanks . Enron North America Corp .
Have we captured these dollars in our P&L ? Let's make sure we are getting credit , if appropriate .
A couple of deals that we might consider reserving some prudency against . Duke ( FGT/Manchester-LNG ) - purchase I will update later today if we can think of other deals to consider .
I htink that Victor LaMadrid can help you and he speaks spanish , too . Tell everyone in BA "hola" .
thanks .
Go Verizon !
Scott Neal Dick Jenkins Jared Kaiser ( scheduled to be out of town ) Craig Taylor Robin Barbie Tammy Depolis
see approval attached
Thanks for the invitation but I will be unable to attend . I going to be in Belize ! Have fun and good luck ! Sincerely , Scott Neal
de nada
please add to my schedule
thanks for the update .
communicated today . thanks for the reminder .
What is the status of these invoices/payments ?
please add to my schedule .
Paul Posoli ( VP? ) heads up risk management/trading . He is an ex Enron guy . Saundra ( sp? ) Lockard is a contract admin . person . I used to work with Saundra at Meridian Oil .
I enjoyed meeting you as well .
Please follow up to make sure these $ are going to the correct p&l .
A quick summary of the NYMEX meeting I attended on August 10 . 1 . eNYMEX NYMEX has begun developing an internet based trading system to replace Access and to handle basis trading . The system is targeted to launch some time during Q4 2000 . The basis products that might be traded are Nymex swap , AECO ( C$/gj fxd/float) , Transco Z6 , Chicago City Gate , Houston Ship Channel . 2 . TAS Overwhelming support of the TAS pilot program from trade players with locals opposed . A motion was passed to add expiration day to the current TAS pilot program . The motion is to be presented to the NYMEX board in the next few weeks . 3 . AGA data release Favorable comments regarding the 1pm release of the weekly storage data . 4 . Sabine Hub discounts Sabine is considering offering some discount through the Hub for volume commitment . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Please plan to attend an Origination Strategy meeting on Thursday 8/17 at 2:30pm . We will be meeting with Gil Muhl , Janet Dietrich and others to discuss customer coverage , deal flow , strategic deals/customers etc . I think the meeting is going to held offsite at either the Doubletree or Hyatt . Details to follow . Let me know if you have any questions .
thank you very much for the info .
I am planning to take vacation Sept . 6-8 .
I think his interest is a marketing/oringination/business development role .
US Govt . data - Business inventories rose 0.9% in June , exceeding analysts' expectations of a 0.6% rise and matching the revised May figure . Retailers saw the biggest increase; their inventories rose 1.2% in June . Total business sales were also up 0.9% in June , a slightly weaker showing than the revised 1.1% rise posted in May . The inventory-to-sales ratio--the number of months it would take to empty the nation's warehouses , store shelves , and sales lots at the current rate of sales--remained at 1.32 , just off its all-time low . In a separate report , the Fed said industrial production rose 0.4% in July , double the pace in June . Industrial production , which measures output at U.S . factories , utilities , and mines , is now 5.8% stronger than it was this
We would love to go . I need to call and check with Carol to confirm . I will call or email after I talk with her .
you must use Internet Explorer to access this site .
I need to extend Sandra Brawner's trading authority to a term of 24 months on EOL . Can you help me with this ? My extension is 34723 . Thank you .
thank you very much for th info . Enron North America Corp .
Kimberley , Where are the services - date and time and location . Enron North America Corp .
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family .
I don't think I know how to help you . Call me at x34723 if you want to discuss further .
your're now set up . Enron North America Corp .
as requested
I will be unable to attend as I will be on vacation .
Vicky , please sign and attend this . I htink you will find it helpful .
I will be in attendance . Please advise as to location . Thank you .
This is ok with me . Thank you for resolving .
I need to change to Thursday at 4pm .
I heard that rumor also but found we did not hire him . I am always available for a beer . What's your phone number ?
Sure , no problem . Sep 25-27 will be the heart of October bid week .
Come by and see me when you are in Houston .
We look forward to seeing you . We get started at 7:30am and things are quite active until about 11:00am .
great , we look forward to seeing you .
Sandra Brawner will not be moving at this time . Enron North America Corp .
I look forwad to seeing you .
Customer has been notified that this deal is subject to a satisfactory LC . Please let me know if you need additional info .
I need the following information: 1 ) Daily storage balances May 1 , 2000 thru Sept . 26 , 2000 . 2 ) in kind fuel charges on injections 1999 , 2000 Thank you .
The quantity adjustment should be 398,487 per the attached spreadsheet . Please confirm .
fyi - interesting storage information .
No interest at this time . Thank you .
that's great news . I look forward to seeing you .
thanks .
Sarah Mulholland rotated to Global Products reporting to John Nolan .
Can send you me a copy of the 2000 plan for the East Desk ?
thank you .
how many meetings do I have today at 3pm Enron North America Corp .
please review . check to make sure #250196 referenced below is booked properly .
Thank you for sending .
I am ok with intraday recall , however this should be agreed to by the parties to the capacity release deal . In other words , the parties should have the flexibility to make deals to include intraday recall rights or not . Enron North America Corp .
Jana , Would it be possible to provide me with a list of all analysts working within ENA ( along with their current assignments) ? Thank you .
please see the attachment below . Any ideas for potential deals ?
I look forward to seeing you .
do you need any info from me ? How did our volumes look for Sept. ?
yes , I would love to see all the potential candidates within the entire organization . Thanks for all your help .
2 primary contributing factors: 1 ) EOL transaction volume increase
Doug , I am not available until 2:30pm . Is it possilble to push back the start ?
thank you .
please note and add to my schedule .
please add this to my schedule .
fyi , please follow up with Jennifer to determine status and what follow up needs to be done .
note the attached Heating Oil inventory graph .
fyi , please add to my schedule .
please add to my schedule .
I will be there .
Earnings calender site:
yes , confirming receipt
transport model
How are we planning to handle daily volume swings on the 30% priced at Gas Daily and which group will hold this risk ? Which group will handle nominations/scheduling/balancing on the gathering system ? Enron North America Corp .
let's discuss what info might be helpful .
let's talk this afternoon . I think we need to think about a couple of these folks . Also , Dave needs our 2000 goals and objectives , top target customers , as well ideas for coverage metrics . I have a meeting from 3pm to 4pm but am available any other time .
I would like each of you to list your top 5-10 target customers for 2000 by 12pm tomorrow . Please let me know if you have any questions .
I meant 2001 .
fyi we have 2 weeks to check this out without cost . maybe we can get additional ideas about how we incorporate capacity trading into EOL .
I enjoyed visiting with you as well . I was very impressed with the students that I interviewed . You guys are certainly doing a great job educating . I had the pleasure of visiting with Milagros and was very impressed with her and I agree with your comments . Some of the students were interested in additional reading that I thought might be helpful to them . 2 books that I think are very good are 1 ) Option Volatility and Pricing by Sheldon Natenberg . This is textbook type reading that is the best book on options that I know . 2 ) Reminisences of A Stock Operator by Edwin Lefevre . This is the best book on trading that I have read ( I am actually currently reading it for the fifith of sixth time) . It is an easy read and is the real lfe story of a trader in the early 1900's . A must read for anyone who has interest in markets and trading . Sincerely , Scott Neal
Corina , Are the times the same for the Super Saturday on Nov.4 ?
thank you for your help .
we need to participate in this interview process . let me know if and whenyou can participate . sign up at the web site listed below .
Itinerary for each of the Super Saturdays .
All of the NYMEX natural gas swap products are very active as well as the Gas Daily - Henry Hub prompt month . Let me know if you have any questions .
please forward to everyone in our group .
Edward Brady did not interview Chelsea Buras did not interview Lindsay Culotta did not interview Miles Farr did not interview Brad Guilmino Origination/Finance strong candidate Stephanie Hopkins Origination Shereka Jefferson Origination Kevin Murray Trading/Origination - very strong candidate Leonidas Savvas Trading - very strong candidate Timothy Taylor did not interview Ryan Thibideau Origination - very strong candidate
please use the attached spreadsheet for reporting prices to Inside FERC .
I don't have any plans to travel down there at this point . But if this changes I will let you know and would love to play some golf .
I have not had any contact from anyone in Europe regarding you previous email .
please follow up on this potential deal .
I will plan on seeing you here tomorrow or Thursday .
what is this approval for ?
Just a thought - but we will still be finishing up bid week on Nov . 29 . Any ideas about the first week in December .
Jim , Any thoughts or guidance on the question below ? Scott
I have prepared a recommendation letter as you have requested . It is my pleasure to do so . Please advise as to when to send , etc . I am available to visit on the phone any time after 2:3opm any day this week . However , I will be out of the office on Thursday and Friday Nov . 16-17 .
We will get working on this . I have no problem with you sitting in on the PRC process . We are scheduled to have this meeting on Nov . 29 , however I think there is some chance this date might change due to bid week activities .
Any ideas on who to talk to regarding a possible summer internship ? Scott
Haven't forgot about you yet . I will have the information for you this week . Thank you for your persistence and patience . Sincerely , Scott
please print the attached letter on my letterhead . thank you .
i think gil muhl wants to meet with us on Monday at 4pm to discuss PSEG . he will let us know monday morning .
Frank and I would like to recommend assigning Phil Demoes outside of our new group as part of the upcoming reorganization . Please let us know if you would like to discuss further and how we should proceed .
I will correct the spelling and forward the letter to you tomorrow .
please disregard previous letter due to misspelling . please print the attached letter on my letterhead and send to: Amr Ibrahim at EB4737B .
call this guy listed below
de nada , che !
yes i want to contribute , and thank you for doing this . Enron North America Corp .
Rolo and I worked together in BA . Rolo did a great job for us , focusing mostly on gas but he did do some work on power as well . He is very bright and has a great work ethic . He has gained a fair amount of commercial experience ( including "trading" natural gas ) in Argentina . I would recommend him highly .
Jennifer Milligan will be contacting regarding the intern program . She will probably want a resume from you . Also , she will want to know what area(s ) ( eg . accounting , marketing , research , etc. ) you have interest in working . Please keep me up to date once she contacts you . Sincerely , Scott
Let's set up a meeting to discuss . The Wellhead Group is responsible for everything up to the mainline/pool including scheduling , nominations , operational swing etc . The East desk would have a deal with the Wellheasd Group for a firm daily quantity of gas at the mainline or pool . Enron North America Corp .
talked with Ryan last week . he is thrilled and looking forward to working with us .
I don't know him .
1 ) Is this deal done ? 2 ) What is the firm quantity ? The quantitiy should be fixed . 3 ) Who is communcating with Cabot from a logisitics/volume management point of view ? 4 ) Why are we nominating (  instead of ENA Upstream ) and which group is responsible for balancing on Tenn and Transco ? Enron North America Corp .
thanks chris .
Tammy , Sean can help us with customized EOL reports . Scott
John , Please find attached the resume of Angie Zeman , who is an analyst working a rotation in East Gas Logistics . She is an outstanding perfromer and is interested in pursuing opportunities in London . Who is the best person in your organization to communicate her interest and my recommendation ? Thanks . Scott
713 503 3466 is the correct number . Have a great day .
we had a good day .
please forward to all in our group . thank you .
Merry Christmas to you and your family . We had a great time this football season and look forward to next year .
Great . I look forward to seeing you . Feliz Navidad !
I think January 9-10 is better because many people will be away the first few days of the year .
this looks fine to me .
are these Gas Daily priced volumes or IF first of month/fxd price volumes?? ? Enron North America Corp .
thanks for the info , Captain . Enron North America Corp .
thank you and happy new year !
Can you resend this file as regular Excel or Word file ? I am unable to read it .
? ??????????? ? do i need to do anything???? ?
thanks for the info and good luck .
no problem Enron North America Corp .
please take care of this .
anytime after 4:00pm would work .
please disregard previous email .
please add to my schedule .
ok by me
I spoke to Kevin Murray last week and sent him a couple of books on the subject of Trading . He informed me that he has accepted our offer . Please let me know if you need additional information . Enron North America Corp .
thanks for your help . Enron North America Corp .
Peter , please add Frank Vickers to this distribution list . thanks , Frank ,
thanks . Enron North America Corp .
ok have a nice day Enron North America Corp .
thank you .
I sent them last week to your parent's address . You should receive them by the end of this week . Have a good week . Scott
note Chris McGill's ( AGA ) commments .
re: NAT
the file you sent is password protected . send new file or password .
I'll pay you Friday night . I think we're going to dinner together . Let me know if you need it earlier .
no . I don't think I know him . I had another contact there . I will look for his name , number , email address if you want it . Enron North America Corp .
you are correct. . Enron North America Corp .
great , I hope that they are helpful to you .
Thank you for the info . I call if I have questions after I review further . Enron North America Corp .
sure . any afternoon is fine with me .
Susan , I don't know if such a letter exists . Tom , do you know - also , who might be able to help Susan with the information requested below ?
Colton and I will be there some time during the day on Saturday and will spend the night .
Let's try to visit on Thursday or Friday in the afternoon .
Hi Rolo , I am glad to hear from you . Yes , Sao Paulo is muy grande con muchos macacos . Everything is going fine here . Do you have any trips to the US planned ? I have not be playing much golf , too cold and rainy here so far this winter , but spring is near . Stay in touch and good luck . Scott
please pay this origination from my book to Robin .
pay only the $1750 referenced below to Robin Barbie from my book .
I really don't have a clue . However,it seems that most of the costs are generally fixed - people , systems , etc .
please forward to everyone on the East Desk . thanks ,
The guy in B.A . that we booked our hunt with is Emilio Paris ( phone # 011 541 14 812 2154) . We hunted near a small town called Rio Tercero about 45 minutes outside of Cordoba . We stayed at the Los Alamos Lodge . Our guide's name was Sergio Abrile . We paid $750 for 3 days of hunting , 2 nights lodging , meals , hunting license , etc . We paid $9.00/box for shells . We aleady had our guns , however they had very nice , new Beretta 12/20 ga . shotguns for rent for $25/day . We hunted April 30-May 2 which is the end of fall and we slayed the birds . I think the only time to avoid is during the heart of winter July-August due to cold/wet conditions . The flight from Buenos Aires to Corboda cost about $200 and takes about an hour . You might call Emilio just to compare prices , etc . I think he is affiliated with a US outfitter called Gage/4 Seasons . I hope this info is helpful . Don't hesitate to call if have nay questions .
please add to my schedule .
Glad to be of assistance . Don't hesitate to call again .
look forward to seeing you . let me know your schedule . do you have a real estate agent to help you - my mother is an agent and could give you some info .
Where are you staying ?
please take care of this .
Andy , Kathy - can you help with this ?
I am on 32 at 3223D .
my location is 3223D . my extension is 34723 . What is your phone number ?
please pay robin $468 orig . from my book
looks good to me .
please correct per your calculation
Please return signed 2000 Perfrmance Review sheets to me today or tomorrow . Thank you , Scott
yes . call me later . also , my cellular phone number is 713 503 3466 . I have a meeting outside the office at 5:30pm . I'll pick you up at the Doubletree between 6:30 and 7:00pm .
Actually , it's better for me to pick you up because my meeting is near your hotel .
see you then
I am out of the office this entire week on vacation , so I will be unable to participate .
All is well here . It sounds like you are very busy . I glad you are taking the options course - it will really benefit you . Also , Andrea Richards is the person I contacted with the Associate program to request that your first rotation be in the Trading group - so we should be in good shape on that front . Her phone number is 713 853 6499 for your future reference . Thanks for the email , I look forward to seeing you this summer . Scott
Also , send me a copy of your resume . thanks .
Andrea , The two gentlemen that I mentioned on my voice mail are Kevin Murray and Leonidas Savas . Both are from LSU and start this summer as Associates . Both have expressed their strong desire to have their first rotation in Trading and I think they would do a great job for us . If you concur , please make a note to place them in Trading for their first rotation .  I have attached both resumes for your reference . thanks , Scott
Please add my home email address: sneal12@mindspring.com
Jeanie , Who do I have that is outsanding? ?
please get with Chris in order to update the attached Florida overview for
John , The attached Florida overview is a few months old . Chris and Jared on working on an update . We will get it to you when complete .
We will be here for Saturday practice but not for Tuesday . ? ?? ? for Baseball fest .
I have talked with Andrea Richards with Associate/Analyst program to arrange for you to have your first rotation in Trading . I hope all is well with you . I look forward to seeing you this summer . Don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything . Scott Neal
I talked with Chris Holmes last week and got very positive feedback about your interviews . I told him about our working together in Argentina and your activities down there and gave him an overview of your skill set . I have left a message with Mike Moore but he is out of town and he has not returned my call yet . I hope all is well with you . I will call or email when I talk with the others . Sincerely , Scott
I look forward to seeing this summer .
David , I think maybe clarifying "then go to the transaction search" with something like " then click on the Transaction History tab at the top of the screen" might be helpful .
please forward to all East Desk members
scheduled to play golf with guys at work on Sunday morning . Call Jared with exact time .
A few of you still need to return your signed 2000 performance reviews to me . Please return to me ASAP .
fyi - can you tell me who we're missing ?
thanks .
I will attend .
any new news regarding your possible move ?
I believe Vince Kaminski could possibly be of assistance in this matter .
he's cute . Congratulations! !
Dad , Attached is Brett's baseball schedule . I will send Colton's schedule to you later . Also , I deposited the Farm money into the Wells Fargo account over the weekend . Scott
have a nice time . kimberly please note john's vacation on the calendar , thanks .
Thank you very much for your help .
sorry for the delay , I just checked my email 1 . yes 2 . Lorraine Ryall met came to Houston during March 2000 for Gas Fair and she stopped by our office for a brief visit . 3 . I am not aware of any . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance .
thank you , julie . Scott
thank you . I found everything last night .
Jeff , fyi - We will be out of town . Thanks , Scott
you're welcome
I have forgotten my user name and password . I work for Enron . Can you help me ? Thank you , Scott Neal
yes please take care of this for me . thank you .
yes please take care of this for me . thank you .
these are the 2 guys I mentioned that we should put in trading rotations .
these are the 2 guys I mentioned that we should put in trading rotations .
I talked with Chris Gaskill about them starting in the Fundmentals group .
I talked with Chris Gaskill about them starting in the Fundmentals group .
make sure Jared brings his credit card
I will be passing an envelop to collect a small monetary token of appreciation for Kimberly and Alex for Administrative Assistants' week . Please give if you are able and in an amount that you feel is appropriate . thanks , Scott Neal
great idea!!! !
make sure Jared brings his credit card
great idea!!! !
please add Tom Martin to this list .
please add Tom Martin to this list .
i think either one of us can sign
i think either one of us can sign
I will send her a note right now .
I will send her a note right now .
Suggestions for offsite: 1 ) Non Enron speakers/presenters 2 ) Cabo San Lucas , The Biltmore in Coral Gables,FL , The Broadmoor in Colorado Springs
thank ;you very much
I would like Joe Casas ( currently East logistics ) to participate in the interview process .
thank ;you very much
1 . Patty Broderson ( 770 ) 792-1962 ( headhunter ) is working on a postion for a trading/marketing company located in Dallas . 2 . Roseanne Marino ( 212 ) 704 2156 ( headhunter ) is working on a position in marketing/trading for Constellation energy .
I would like Joe Casas ( currently East logistics ) to participate in the interview process .
available EXCEPT for the following days: May 22 May 23 May 25-31 June 6 June 13 June 20 June 25-29 July 2-6 July 11 I hope this is helpful . I will let you know if anything changes . Thank you , Scott
no problem
no problem
I have 3 addtional candidates for consideration: Seung-taek Oh ( Associate - Credit Derivatives ) Scott Loving ( East Logistics ) Eric Boyt (  Gas Structuring )
philly , what's the story ?
philly , what's the story ?
please see a draft of the proposed rules and trading ticket . please let me know if you have any questions or comments .
thanks . I thought it went pretty well and think it is a great idea . Let's make sure to do this once a month .
I definately support a promotion . I have not given up on the contract , although I have not figured out how to make it more palatable for her while ensuring she is committed to Enron . Scott
Can you make me the Administrator for these sub users ?
Can you make me the Administrator for these sub users ?
please add to my schedule .
Carrie , I am unable to do participate at that time on June 24 due to bid week . However , after 3:30pm would work . Let me know if this works for you .
Karen , I had not thought about the title issue but my view is that if the person is a viable candidate and wants to pursue this track then title should be a non issue . I don't see any problem with having a current manager in the program . Having said all that , I don't know John Lavoratto's view .
John Thompson and Scott Josey are the guys doing the producer finance business .
Bob , I would like to put a contract in place with the following counterparty . I think a GISB contract will be sufficient since the transactions will be 1 month or shorter . El Paso Field Services Sam Ansley Let md know if you need additional info . Thanks . Scott
talked with her this afternoon . gave her feedback on how I think you could add value to this business .
talked with Thomas Hicks and Monte Jones . I think we should bring them both in for an interview . I plan on talking with Jeremy Tartack this evening .
I had a great visit with Eddie Rietze last night . We spent about 3 hours together . I think we should definately pursue him . He is interested talking further . We will probably need to meet with him during the evening . Please let me know if I need to do anything to proceed . I indicated to Eddie that you would be contacting him to set an interview schedule . thanks , Scott
I am not available
Wednesday any time after 3:30pm would work well for me .
Not at this time .
you are clearly deserving . good luck !
Colton and I will not be able to attend . Sorry for the late response . Have a great time .
info per yor request
I would like to add Leonidas Saavas and Jeff Royed .
just wanted to make sure you received this .
i will review right now and send comments .
Carin , Please note some suggested changes in red . Don't feel obligated to use them as is . Let me know if you need additional infromation . Scott
I will be attending .
I am planning on taking a half day of vacation tomorrow to go see the Astros game , if ok with you . Scott
what are your store hours ?
should we have somebody from the Upstream group attned this? ?
thanks
I am not available at this time .
thanks .
thank you
I am unable to play because my kids have football games that day . Thanks for the invitation .
yes , I received my folder . thank you .
no interest for me . thanks .
thank you for the free trial membership . At this time , I would like to cancel my membership and avoid any future billing . Thank you , Scott Neal
Do you have a date for the trading track interviews ? Thanks , Scott
You are welcome to come down any day . I think that changing the time on the 29th would be good since we are still in "bid week" that day . Thanks , Scott
please remind me of this meeting
I think that sounds good . I think Daniel has done a nice job for us . Scott
not available due to other meeting
this is the other meeting previously scheduled
Comments from trading track phone interviews: Fred Baloutch - recommendation: invite in for interview - excellent academic results , very smart , some summer gas experience with BC gas , did some work with weater derivatives , very enthusiatic Carlos Betancourt - recommendation: do not invite for interview - unable to communicate relavent experience . Seung "Sam" Hyun Cho - recommendation: invite for interview (  however , Sam does not graduate until May '02 , so Associate program recruiting may be a better fit. ) excellent academic results , able to discuss a wide variety of subject material regarding trading , strong understanding of risk and derviatives . Please let me know if you need additional information . Scott
Sarah , Unfortunately , I will be unable to attend as I have apreviously scheduled staff meeting . Sorry for the confusion . Scott Neal
I have been unable to reach Francis Nyema , so no feedback on him .
To whom should a check be written to ? American Heart Association? ?
please don't send this to me .
I have not talked with them yet but I hope to do so today .
Thank you for your kind words . As always , I appreciate your efforts and integrity . I am also very proud of what we have accomplished here and am hopeful that we will look back on this and smile about how we came through it . Scott
talked with Guilermo Arana and I think we should interview him . I left a message with Gary Linhart - will forward feedback after I talk with him .
I think we should interview Gary Linhart for the trading track .
It was great to see you as well . I look forward to seeing you again in the future . Scott
I did not agree to this $50,000 pmt for Enron to keep these contracts . I did not cut that deal nor did I agree to pay this fee .
Kelley , I am writing to you to follow up on our discussion last week regarding disclosure of counterparty names for price verification purposes . Can you give me the name and contact information for the person within your company that would work with us to put a Confidentiality Agreement in place . Jeff Hodge is our lawyer who will work on this for Enron . Jeff can contacted at 713 853-6911 or by email at jeffrey.t.hodge@enron.com . Thanks for you assistance . Scott Neal
thank you .
Colton plays Tuesday @ 7:30pm behind Mac Haik on I-10 . Brett plays Wednesday @ 7:30pm at Gobe Stadium at the old Spring Branch High School .
please approve this for me or come help me to approve it . thank you
thank you
Will the people with asterisks be receiving offers ? just curious .
great , thanks for the information . Also , you and everyone else in your group did a nice job coordinating the process .
Colton's game tonight is at 6:00pm not 7:30 as I previously thought . Brett's game is at 8:00pm on Wednesday instead of 7:30 .
Kelley , Any info yet on who we can work with on this ? Thanks , Scott
Julie , Thank you so much for the tickets to the golf tournament . I took my nephew and we had a great time . I really appreciate you thinking of me . Sincerely , Scott Neal
can't do it this weekend du my kids' football games . thanks
please approve this .
please approve this .
please approve this .
please approve this .
please approve this
can't do it - thanks for the invite .
please forward to all East traders and originators
please schedule a room for this presentation
that sounds great . thank you so much . see you tomorrow
As I suggested several months ago you need to get access to TDS with a total position view . I am well within my VAR . If I need to be responsible for total gas floor VAR let me know .
do you have Dave Stevenson's phone # at work? ? thanks ,
thankyou very much. . I need to reschedule our meeting . Any day next week works for me , after 2:30pm .
Karen , Leonida Saavas can be available at your convenience regarding trading track starting date . Thanks , Scott
can you help gary on this ?
Everyone on each desk is an EOL trader . Please continue to include the East Desk on your daily lunch list .
good job , Frank .
please approve for me .
frank , which originator should this go to ?
I would like to play .
I will be in town all weekend . I can reached anytime at one of the following numbers . Scott
count me in , I will see you friday morning unless I hear otherwise .
yes
What is this about ?
Any day this week after 2:00pm works for me . Just let me know . I am located at 06466
Andy Ring and Sandra Brawner need to be at this meeting .
can you guys follow up on this payment issue ?
stop
I don't think so , but I am not exactly sure how the program works . I believe that you are to be reimbursed at the end of each semester after you receive your grades . However , you would need to be employed with Enron at that time to be reimbursed .
test
no problem .
here is a first pass of the East seating plan .
Can you call Jaime at MGI/Pemex regarding payments between MGI and Enron ? I think they need an explanation regarding how payments are made within the bankruptcy proceeding . Jaime can be reached at 011525 55 232 5996 . Thank you .
Any information yet on the $1537.00 of "Other Deductions" from my 12/31 paycheck ? Thanks for your help . Scott
thanks .
We had talked about suspending the United Way contribution but let's not worry about it at this point . Thanks for your help . Scott
I would like to play .
Just to follow up on our conversation this morning . I definately would like to nominate Bob Superty for promotion . Bob has done a fabulous job for several years managing our overall logistics function . Let me know if you additional info from me .
I think that would be great . Let me know if i can help out . I received an email from Chris also , I will definately encourage him to stay with us .
Tom sent me an email yesterday . I would encourage you to seriously consider the opportunity . At this point , I am not sure what my exact needs are in the East , but as we all know things tend to change rather quickly around here . Let me know if I can help you with your decision . Scott
I hope this is helpful .
sure . Everything looks like it might work out for us in the Trading business . The bankruptcy court will hopefully approve the sale of the Trading business to UBS Warburg on Friday . If all goes well there then I will be working for UBS . I'll give you a call . It's great to hear from you . Scott
Bob , Just curious how everything went on Friday . call me if you get a minute . Scott
I forgot at ask about Judy Townsend's adjustment due to change from part time to full time ?
Please attend a meeting at the Houstonian on Wednesday , 1/23/02 from 10:00 am to 1:00 pm for a welcome and overview presented by UBS senior management . Breakfast treats will be served starting at 9:00 am . The meeting will begin at 10:00 am sharp .
I don't have it .
thanks , kimberly . Scott
your welcome
please note that Brad Mckay has left the company .
victor , take a look and fill people as you see best . this is only preliminary so you will have a chance to revise if you change your mind . thanks ,
Jon Mckay will manage Brad's products . What products had we assigned to Pete ?
I think chuck will do these
Revised Gas floor plan
please place your people in the attached floor plan . Fred - Blue Chris - Peach
I am unable to attend .
please fill people in the attached floor plan
becky young sent me thsi seating arrangement for you guys ? she does not have Sheetal on it - should I add her in the "open" spot ? Scott
take a look and make changes .
thanks , tom
take a look and make changes
waiting on Hunter
don't know yet because we have not decided who is going to work for whom . i will let you know
note changes
forward to tammy sheppard when you're finished thanks
preliminary final - assistants to be added tomorrow
Tammy , I will have final for you by 10:30am . Bob is working on his supoort people right now and we will be meeting to allocate/place assistants at 10:00am . I will send shortly thereafter . Scott
I will send Ina the final plan this AM .
Final floor plan
I would like to get together Monday , February 4 at 9:30am to discuss the startup of our business including products , points , responsibilities etc . Amanda will notify you with the location . Thanks , Scott
I know you guys may be still in the hiring mode . I've attached 2 resumes that are worth a look . Beth Jenkins is a senior commercial person with extensive derivatives knowledge and industry experience . She has a trading background but has interest in pursuing Origination opportunities also . Vickie Versen worked for me most recently trading physical gas in the Gulf and previous scheduled on several East pipes . I think she has interest in considering either trading or scheduling .
left voicemail telling Terry that you would be calling . Also , told her to call me back . will update you further after I talk to her .
Are you planning to fundy's presentation on Tuesday ? If yes , please include the entire East Desk in the email notice . Andy Ring , Judy Townsend , Scott Neal , Frank Vickers , Jared Kaiser , Chuck Ames , Jon McKay , Craig Taylor , Sandra Brawner Thanks , Scott
great . I look forward to seeing you . Scott
fyi . I think Randy is the no . 2 guy at RWE . You might give him a call . Scott
Randy , I hope all is well with you . Hopefully , we will be starting up in the next weeks as UBS . I don't know if you are still in the market for people . I have attached the resume of Vickie Versen for your review . She was most recently responsible for trading physical gas in the Gulf . She came out of our scheduling/logistics group and has extensive experience working on several East pipes . I think she would consider a trading or scheduling position . Sincerely , Scott Neal
thanks for the invitation , but unfortunately won't be able to attend . Scott
What do I need to do to cancel my Body Shop membership ? Thanks for your help . Scott Neal
thanks .
Effective as soon as possible , I would like to cancel my Body Shop membership . Please let me know if I need to do anything in addition to this email notification . Thank for your help . Scott Neal
open discussion meeting with everybody including logistics to talk about the business . Tuesday , 10:30-11:30am Room ? ? ? ( I'll let you know ) Scott
I gave it to Amy Fitzgerald last week .
I meant Amy Fitzpatrick .
thank you .
thank you
maybe soon .
thank you .
you are correct . Whatever name works for me .
When I saw this , I new that the dark Republican years would be over by 2004 . Is their anyone more qualified in the areas of foreign policy , energy policy , political economics , or complex social issues than the Rev ? We'll finally have the pimpin' leader that we need .
Karen , Sorry but lunch will be impossible . That week is bid week; also I will be covering for someone else who somehow got approved for vacation during this busy time . Jason Wolfe
is this true ?
IT DOES PRODUCE SOME
When I think about you , it puts me in a good mood
Karen , I worked in ENA West Risk from July 2000 until March 1 , 2001 , when I began West Logistics . Risk was counted as my first rotation . Scheduling is my second . Jason
I am interested in Cascade's natural gas demand by broad customer class - such as residential , industrial , and electric generation - over the past year . Also , if possible , a list of the larger generators or industrials that you serve . Could you direct me to the department or individual who could best assist me in this research ? Thanks , Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America
Mr . Boehlke: After speaking to a NW Natural representative , I was told to contact you for more specifics regarding information on your customer breakdown . I am interested in gas load by residential , industrial , and electrical generation on a weekly or monthly basis . Your financial statements have a quarterly cross-section in a fairly similar format , but I was hoping I could get more specific numbers , including the type of industrial user ( high-tech , aluminum , agricultural , etc. ) and historicals back to last winter . If you could help me out I would greatly appreciate it , as trying to forecast NWPL load without some general NW Natural data is impossible . Thanks , Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America
I am interested in obtaining a load breakdown by industrial , residential , and electrical generator customers for your utility , on a monthly basis , as part of a NWPL market research project . If you could give me some contact information , I would appreciate the help . Thanks , Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America
Jim , My mailing address is: PO Box 1188 If it is possible that I could receive the same information broken down by month , I would greatly appreciate it . Thanks , Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America
A few relevant points: 1 ) you WILL be attending"Art" 2 ) you may remove and re-don pants at your leisure during the show , but you WILL arrive and leave suitably dressed . 3 ) AoE should be ON tonight , or some acceptable replacement strategy/shooter game playable by 4+ people .
The Index settles during bid week for the following month ( last week of Sep for Oct ) and is published around this time . This curve is probably in the system as basis , code D , which is the difference between the Index and NYMEX settle . This index is the Oct price curve ( P ) plus the Oct basis curve ( D) . Deals are +/- a few cents for The index ( I ) curve is next month's curve at what these differentials are trading at . It is not the actual "index" . It is what is added to the index for physical deals priced off index . I know it is confusing . Jason
I just got back from checking out the new building . It's sweet .
I recently won two of your auctions . One is 5 posters , one is 18 . I am excited about these posters , but I have a couple questions . Are the 5 posters in the first set completely included in the set of 18 ? If so , is it possible to get any non-duplicates that you may own in the same theme that will not be doubled up in these sets ? Thanks for the product . Jason
Mark , I am transferring funds to Paypal , which will take a couple days . I am including $2 insurance ( total 66.85) . When you get notice that the payment is available , send product to: Thanks , Jason
Sergei , To avoid duplicates I would prefer to pay for only the 18 Big Stalin Russian Political Posters ( 1013259638) . Thank you very much for your understanding . I am transferring funds to Paypal now in the amount of: In 3-4 business days a Paypal transfer will be made to ezyroll@aol.com . Is this shipping from overseas ? If so , perhaps this should be insured . Let me know . My address is: Thanks , Jason
Ms . Ridinger: I am an analyst studying industrial gas load in the northwestern United States and am attempting to place a number of aluminum plants . I believe I have the Northwest Pipeline DRN numbers for 3 of your 4 plants , but am not sure which meter feeds your Ferndale , WA plant . Also , I would like to confirm the DRNs for the other three . If you , or someone you could refer me to , could provide this information I would greatly appreciate it . Thanks , Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America
I'm sorry , I didn't receive the text of your reply . Jason
The stream of internet bullshit is never-ending . If the FBI had ANY concern about this , we would see it on the news . But I heard from a friend's friend that the Taliban hates atheists ( like myself ) most of all , and believes that if you give them lots of money they will destroy themselves in an orgy of hookers and cocaine - because they are immoral , Godless creatures . If you don't do as they say , they will blow up your house on the 10th day of the 10th month of this year ( like Nostradamus predicted) . Checks or cash ( or hookers ) can be sent to: Thanks , Jason
Cards win indeed . I like them for the series . Are you cleaning fishing boats , too ?
So when does Tara have to commit to Big E ? Can you clean my boat ? It has this crusty , fishy stuff on the bottom of the hull .
So Tara is definitely returning ? Is this job the new boating equivalent of your UH recruiting job ? Where you will clean less boats this year than anyone else in your position in the history of Triumph Boats ? BTW , I have paid much more than $185 for a raw , water washdown , man-whore .
I'm always hanging out.. . of my pants ! That said , perhaps I can get more casual.. . It's tough for me to get away for lunch , with my new gig , but your companionship is the break that refreshes . We need some quality time . Also , I've heard from Ellwanger , who is cleaning boats . He offered me a raw , water washdown . And I don't own a boat .
You didn't answer if you would clean more or less boats this year than the last guy . And yes , I am with Beth . And yes , I am still a stud-cowboy .
That is awesome . You must have been jizzing non-stop since the All-Star break . The only Big-Unit I recognize is the one from UH: me .
I vote for the 25th also . Wait.. . do I get a vote ? Jason
You need to have these things at a time when I'm available . I don't get off work before 5:30 .
Elizabeth Cherry
Keith , I am trying to confirm that the following plants receive gas off of these respective meters on NWPL: Ferndale , WA plant ( reduced capacity ) - meter 472 Troutdale , OR plant ( closed ) - 302 Could you confirm that the Troutdale plant is a direct connect and does not nominate through the Cascade LDC ? This may be best answered by whomever schedules your supply . Also , it would be extremely helpful if you could tell me when the above plants closed or reduced capacity . I appreciate any help you can give me . Thanks , Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America
Well , go find Glen Cook's The Black Company to start a less deep , but still entertaining , series .
I'm up on all that . I was on my way to Portland , so couldn't pick up Canidate . However , it looks like Faulk only has bruised bone and will be back in 1-2 weeks . Shaun Alexander was the big miss , that guy could be a stud . We won again , and are 4th in the league with a good shot to win our next 2 . Surprising , considering how shitty Thrash has become . I will be back from Portland Wed night so I will probably see you at some point .
mullet
loser
Marvin , Attached is the list of points . I need the general location and/or zone . What is the nature of the Southend Balancing point ( 603) ? There is a Northend Balancing , but it has no volume . Is Elmore Delivery M/S ( 616 ) a residential load ? What is Florida River reciept ( 599) ? Thanks for your help . Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America
Patti , Stacey , The new Las Vegas Pool product will bridge into sitara as - Pipe: Kern River Gas Transmission Zone: Las Vegas Facility: UNA - Las Vegas It is buyer's choice; the pool consists of - Harry Allen ( 2-4015 ) Apex ( 2-4002 ) Blue Diamond ( 2-4016 ) Pecos ( 2-4013 ) Lone Mountain ( 2-4012 ) Pecos and Lone Mountain do not seem to be options when manually booking a deal in sitara . If they are not in the system they probably need to be set up . The meters will be determined before 10:30 during scheduling . The deals will bridge with the UNA - Las Vegas meter/facility . Let me know what you think . Thanks , Jason
It will be mapped to PG&E Topock Index and the PG&E Large Pkgs Gas Daily .
The zone and UNA meter exist in sitara already . Two of the five meters that will be assigned by schedulers need to be set up . As it is , the zone is mapped to Socal curves - but should be PG&E as you said below . Jason
Dave , What do you know about the NWPL meter 300 ( Camas Jr.) ? It makes up a fair amount of Portland area load . It's my understanding that this is industrial , possibly paper mills , but I don't have much more info yet . If this is a customer you are familiar with , let me know . Thanks , Jason
Jim , I was wondering if you could provide any info on the Deer Island meter off NWPL ( 470) ? It is a fair amount of load in the area , and I was just curious if this was mostly residential , or if there is a plant I am unaware of . I appreciate whatever help you can provide . Thanks , Jason Wolfe Trading Analyst Enron North America
Seattle/Tacoma is the summation of a large number of meters . The largest residential loads are broken out separately as tabs . The temps are from the research/weather folder . Initially , I am just curious if you can achieve a decent correlation . We can refine things a bit later . Jason
fascinating . I'd like to work at getting a piece
How about Skewers ?
I've been working pretty heavily . This past Sat I went to the Rennaisance Festival , which runs for about 7 consecutive weekends in the fall every year in the country north of Houston . It is set up like a huge medieval village with jousting , shops , etc . People dress up like elves , swordsmen , wizards , fairies . ( I even saw a fat guy dressed as a fairy ) People are really into it , and travel a long way to go . Have you seen the new Ford Thunderbird ? Go online if you haven't , and have the big guy look at it , too . I think it looks pretty awesome , but I'm not sure it will be my next car . Love , Jason
I love you and although I am seemingly incorrigible , I listen to your criticisms . By now you should know that you can trust me through thick and thin . Besides , you told Josh 2 weeks ago that you liked being with me , despite our stubborn differences . I listened to you then also . Let's get real , over the long haul , we have too much in the way of common interests , beliefs , and interesting times . I think we should just invoke a pact to talk more without getting angry . We are not moving yet . When we leave Houston , we are leaving together , so unpack your UHaul . Love , Jason P.S . Also , I expect you to do some holiday visiting with me , and vice versa .
I know it seems gimmicky- but we sould keep a jar , and every time you get mad , I could put a penny in it , and you can decide every day if I have treated you like enough of a princess to take one out . Whatever is left after a month or so , we would take a getaway of however many pennies are in the jar ( not funded by the pennies , of course) . This would really show how much things have not gone your way , and would be a reminder for me . We could also set up a Jay jar , but I guess that would be less full . I am brainstorming to try to get myself to behave , so I know it's corny . Also , I like the VIrginias and Carolinas , but we should go together when we go . And I think of you as my partner every day , and I'm sorry I take it for granted .
QUIT APPLYING FOR JOBS OUTSIDE OF HOUSTON! ! The farthest you can go is the Woodlands !
The game was nail-bitingly close , but Chinese 12 year old hookah's strategy of ChoKoNu mayhem was the deciding factor . At one point , Beth and I soaked the earth with the blood of wave after wave of paladin assault ( and rear-action monk cowards) , but it was Alan's resource control that won out . But for the most part , I would characterize the game as a draw . Bring on the firstperson shooters until Star Wars . Jason
Chris , Could these numbers be loaded into the db for October ? These are cyc 13 pulled from Citrix , up to the 30th , incl points not grabbed by the HTML scraper . Thanks , Jason
So Camas Jr is confirmed paper mill ? Do you know what is behind the Bellingham II point ( 290) ? Bellingham/Ferndale ( 472 ) I understand is the Ferndale power plant; is this 290 point another unit ? Thanks , Jason
A good beating reminds me of my uncle Sam's place .
I look forward to an evening of intense concentration puncuated by controlling , berating direction . And that's just Beth's backseat driving on the way to Greenway . But seriously , folks , I'm probably not in for any game night where Travis is encouraging guys to feel his lance . Isn't there enough posturing ?
If Beth OKs it I can do a strategy session . That last email from Devil-Pooch made me yearn for the sight of his blood soiling the field of battle . The key to Allan's wins ( and I have given it some thought): 1 ) Quick advancement . He doesn't attack early , I believe it is to build stone walls , encompassing a larger area than is proportional for his team . And to seal us off . 2 ) Large level of resources , enabling him to cue Paladins to build as his army is killed . Thus he has a constant wave of attacks . He also builds resources until the point he decides to attack , then he kills all but maybe 20 villagers . His army is concentrated and huge . 3 ) Build castles on conquered territory . If we wall a large area , build resource levels quickly , then attack as soon as we each have a 40 man army , with additional soldiers cued . we will win . The use of trebuchets is imperative . We should have a total of 10 on our team . Towers kill . AND WE MUST NEVER SIT BACK AND LET HIM REBUILD . Whenever we hang out not attacking , it's over .
I know . Houston sucks .
I hope you feel better . I think your work ( and work ethic ) is phenomenal . I will give you many hugs . Your biggest fan ,
Sorry this took so long . I talked to Geof and got the OK . Thanks , Jason
what the??!? !
Thanks . My battery cap looked a little different . I will try to take it off tonight and will take a picture . It wasn't obvious to me at the time how the cap worked ( it wasn't nearly as clean around the battery as grandmas) . Hopefully no more problems . Jason
1 ) It's Grease . 2 ) It's 'NSYNC , and I am insulted by your inaccurate spelling of this legendary band's name
Like the Las Vegas product , we need to re-map the curve in sitara to PGE-Topock instead of Socal , but we can go ahead and roll out the next day product . Jason
Around North Carolina ? no
really ? why ?
whatever . just let me know when you aren't dicking around
If there is an Enron next week , she will probably get an offer . Unless we are owned by Dynegy . Then I don't know . Either way , don't quit cleaning boats yet .
According to CNBC , the Dynegy deal is close , with an announcement today . I'm not really nervous; Enron's strength is its wholesale trading dept . I'm not sure about non-core business and corporate hacks , though . We'll see how it all shakes out - it's really hard to believe it has come to this . Jason
I'm eating Droubi's middle eastern cuisine right now , thinking of the times we used to meet there for lunch . I miss those days .
It's Dynegy , not Dynergy .
We are totally LBs . no DEs . We had a bad defensive game , which I hope turns around next week , as we have good people at those positions . Our defense has been one of the best . PumpnGD had a lucky defensive game , but he has good people as well . Our head-to-head with him in 2 weeks is key . Curtis Martin is a bye for him , so he picked up Watters . But you saw last night how dominant Shaun Alexander is . If he has a good game next week , he may have the starting role or at least split carries . The next 2 games will be tough . Jason
the merger will be completed over the next 8-10 months , so who knows where I will end up . I need to be where the trading is . Beth and I are driving up for XMas . We're leaving Houston Thurs or Fri before , and will head back for Houston the 26th . Let Sweetpea know . Jason
I open my email , and Trav is inviting people over , threatening to pull out the ol' lance , and comparing dimensions with Matty . I guess that means it's game night . Is Allan going to around Tues ? He has been notoriously absent , and may not be allowed to play anymore .
oh , and the pause for "Friends" was a nice touch . I think that reveals the true , inner warlike nature of MillerKnight . You go , girlfriend !
Thurs I can play after Thirtysomething.. . but on a serious note , I need some clarification on when AoE lance night is taking place , and when XBox night ( Thurs? ) is happening . I'll bring some Miller for MK Jason
Hey , thanks for trying to squeeze in a few minutes with your friends the weekend you finally fly down to Houston . I wouldn't expect you to make a trip unless you had to .
sorry , no
Who is playing , and when should we start ? Get back at me so I will know when to show up . Thanks , DJ
I hear you are good at facilitating a quick "meating"
Jonda , be a sport . No one expected YOU to get a T-shirt . You and Beth were getting tube tops . So was Matt .
will you be holding his leash and cleaning up his mess ?
so are you saying we SHOULD go away over Thanksgiving ?
you're my angel
Am I the only one sharpening my lance for some AoE this week , or is that SO pre-XBox ? PS: Look at ENE -- the end of an empire
did you let everyone know ? how about tomorrow ?
dear God!!!!! ! Not... . The TOUR
Please review MEH presentation and send comments to MEH by 5:00 p.m . May 12 , 1999 via notes mail . Thank you ,
Thanks for the update . Mark
Thanks for updating me on things . We could get together for lunch some time if you want . I am downtown and generally keep Thursday's open to lunch with friends . I am at 713-853-6544 and you can always leave a message on vm . Take care . Mark
Brent , also who has the risk of Y2K under our contracts ? If energy is not delivered because of a Y2K problem , is that a force majeure event or otherwise excused ? Your are right to raise this issue . Let me know what response you are getting . Take care . Mark
Alan , please handle and respond directly to Rick . It looks like it would be a good opportunity for ECT to speak . Mark
This is great news ! Let's make the most of this opportunity . Thanks , Mark
Thanks for the update . Keep spending time getting advice from Barbara . Mark
Congrats ! Things seem to be building rapidly now on the Continent . Mark
Alan , my quick impression is that the checklist format is identifying a number of matters for discussion in a way that will be efficient . What is your impression ? Mark
Congrats ! Mark
Thanks for the update . Mark
Robert , have you been able to get Alan's comments ? Mark
Thanks for the memo . Regards , Mark
Thanks for the info ! Mark
Having dealt wih Manfred on a number of matters I have to say I am not surprised . Scott , please get personally involved in selecting a Punder lawyer that will take his place in meetings with customers and regulators . I don't want to lose control of legal to John T in Germany . Let's hire a lawyer on the ground if we need to . Let me know . Thanks . Mark
No , but I am ok with it . She is doing a great job . Mark
John , thanks for the feedback on Mark and Scott . Regards , Mark
1 . Legal Risk Report -- developed the concept of the legal risk report for ECT . I began reporting and managing the ECT legal risks on that basis . This resulted in a better understanding of legal risks such as the power contract risks . There will be many collateral benefits for the company as a result of this new technology for legal risks such as better decision making on transactions and faster focus on solving problems . 2 . Developed and implemented new Chinese Wall Policy -- in the face of almost daily breaches of the then existing policy , a new policy was developed that is fashioned to fit the unique business of ECT . The traders and originators helped design the policy and have "bought in" . Training was completed in June . This new policy should reduce our SEC risk , while at the same time , allow us to take advantage of certain information . 3 . Lead power industry to develop a standardized form -- pushed ISDA and EEI to work with the major IOU's to jointly develop a standard master trading form for power . The form is now 80% complete and is modeled after the ECT form . The result will be a significant saving of legal time and effort and more transactions will be completed in the industry with less risk of an unintended default . 4 . Cutting edge legal work -- identified and solved many cutting edge legal questions in connection with the start-up of many ECT businesses . These businesses include ( i ) the acquisition of competitive information , ( ii ) weather , coal , emissions , band- width and electronic trading , and ( iii ) acquisition of businesses through contract such as contemplated in the UI and the Peoples deals . 5 . Carolina Power & Light -- after filing suit against CP&L , acheiving a settlement at 90% of the value , despite difficult legal issues . 6 . Deals are Us -- lots and lots of deals done . Legal built a closer relationship with several difficult groups with improved results for the company .
Charles , the article looks very good to me . I could not open the exhibits . Mark
Jim: Per our conversations , I propose the following additions to your draft memo: Global Trading -- All lawyers providing legal services for trading activities ( anywhere in the world ) will continue to be consolidated into one group reporting to Mark Haedicke . Legal Risk Books -- Mark will undertake an Enron-wide long term project to categorize legal risks into standardized risk "books" . To that end , Mark will form a team to work closely with each General Counsel or her/his designee regarding the significant legal risks in each subsidiary company . The goal will be to help us better understand our legal risks on a consolidated basis and to provide additional tools to manage our legal risks day to day . It is anticipated that a consolidated monthly legal risk report will be prepared for Enron .
Yes . Also , outside legal usually increases over the last 4 months of the year . Mark
Justin , thanks ! Mark
That is great that John has an interest ! Mark
Thanks for the memo . I think the transaction makes a lot of sense . Mark
Jaime: Thanks for the information ! Mark
Elizabeth , I would like to present at this conference , subject to knowing more about it . Let's talk about about what we would want to talk about . I am wondering how interesting the topic will be . Mark
Let me know how it goes . Mark
Thanks for the message . I will be over in a few weeks . I look foward to catching up on things . Mark
Congrats ! It is a good ground breaking deal . Mark
Stephen: I would be happy to talk about that . Give me a call at 713-853-6544 . Mark
Thanks for the heads up . Keep me posted . Mark
Mary: Never heard of Barrett . I think it is a good trend that energy companies are seeing it in their interest to join ISDA ! Mark
Yes , I am planning on attending . I need directions . Thanks . Mark
Rob , pass on if appropriate . Mark
Jeff , where we at on the project to improve the contracts with the most exposure . Mark
I would stay out of it in light of John's message . MARK
Thanks for the memo . Mark
I spoke to Dr . Emilio Pinto , at the Sao Paulo lawfirm of Tozzini Freire about joining ISDA . He and his firm are doing a lot of work for Enron . He is familiar with ISDA and said he was interested in joining . I told him he would get a call and some materials that he could present to his Executive Committee . I reviewed with him the cost of $10,000 . Please give him a call at 011-551-1-2322100 . I think he could help build membership in ISDA in Brazil and eventually become a rep office for ISDA in South America . He goes by Emilio . I am working on a lawfirm in Argentina . Let me know if you have any questions . Regards , Mark
Peter , let's set aside at least one-half hour to talk about the approval process and general communication and any issues you want to . Please get it scheduled . Thanks . Mark
We will look into it . It may be an infringement . Mark
Stacy , please look into this ASAP and report back to me . Mark
Yes , go ahead and send it to Kevin . It does not look very helpful in that we cannot argue ENA assigned EES a lot of value . Mark
I plan on playing golf . Mark
Jim , I am looking for weather data by region for 98 and 99 . I believe that there was a lot of extreme weather this year and I am looking to support that . This is background info to support the arguments for standardized power contracts , which are nearly agreed to . Let me know what there is and who I should talk to . Thanks for your help . Mark
Can you look into this and get back to me . Thanks . Mark
The schedule looks good . I don't think there is any need for me to meet with Stikeman . Thanks . Mark
Should the first order of business be to decide who is responsible for each form and then review who must approve the changes ? Maybe we should do that ahead of time ? Also , should we set a time schedule ? Mark
No problem .
Terry: Greetings . I have been reading about lliberalization of power markets in Japan starting next year . I wondered if you expect IBJ or any of the other large financial institutions in Japan to make a market in power ? Would you or someone else you know want to talk about that ? Let me know . Hope things are going well . Take care . Mark
Mary: That is good news . At the rate we are going , we will have enough energy companies before long to have substantial commodity committee meeting in North America . I am still thinking about the breakfast in New York . Take care . Mark
Rebecca: This is the response I got back from my contact at IBJ . Let me know if you would like to meet Terry . Mark
Terry , thanks for your reply . As our thinking starts to mature , I would like to talk to you about what we see in the Japanese markets re energy . Perhaps , we can talk in New York in November at the ISDA board meeting . Take care . Mark
Is your new address working ?
It was part of ECT , but it was sold . Mark
Alan , please confirm that you have told Mike that it is required that Legal be consulted on such a waiver . Mark
Great job ! The english language will dominate the energy world ! Mark
These look fine . Have them printed off for me to sign . Mark
Fyi . Does this impact on us ? Mark
See if you can fit her in . Mark
Sheila Tweed or Dale Rasmussen . Mark
Let's try again in two weeks . Mark
Making progress in energy ! Mark
Martin: Thanks for the update ! It looks like great progress in being made . Mark
Today , I talked to the GC of both Southern and Duke . Each GC said they were not really up to speed on the issues . I took the opportunity to walk them through the Nerc letter and the action taken at the Serc board meeting . They each attempted to argue our fight was really with TVA . Mark
Kristin: Kevin is very concerned with this charge . Why is litigation now being billed up front ? Why is there a 50% increase in corporate legal ? Why is there a 100% increase in corporate secretary ? Why are we billed for the library when we use primarily electronic sources ? Could you please work on the answers to these questions and get back to me . Mark
I am confirming . Mark
Please do not send me these messages as I do not have time to read them . Mark
Please do not send me the reports anymore as I do not have time to read them . Mark
Please stop sending the newsletter to me . Mark
I would like to sit in from 230 to 300 . Thanks . Mark
This is about a trip to Brazil . She asked me to pay the $6000 in expenses . Do you see any rationale to pay for this ? Mark
Thanks for the heads up ! Mark
I would suggest Dan Lyons from ENA Legal for Vision and Values . Mark
I think it must be in Moran's area . Mark
What do you think of the letter ? Mark
You would need to start out in the associate program . Good luck . Mark
I am only aware of the Edison Institute effort which is a physical power contract . I think he was probably mistaken . Mark
My particular concern is that the large majority of Enron's derivatives business is in North America . We are growing rapidly in derivatives in Europe , but still quite small . In terms of derivatives , we are not a factor on other continents . That is different than major equity , currency or interest rate traders . Mark
Paul Trishmann --Check the spelling .
You participated in the OGC meeting which was fine . I did not want to miss out on your participation . Going foward , please join the Legal Committee starting this coming Monday and every other week . Mark
Neal: Thanks for the message . We are tracking the developments in Washington very carefully . Have Dan give me a call , if he would like . Hope you and your family are doing well . Take care . Mark
I will call Mark Golden to respond in a few days . I don't think this is entirely negative for us . We can use it to get the products we want . Mark
That sounds like good news to be part of the process . Thanks . Mark
Please handle . Mark
I look foward to meeting you . I have asked my assistant to get time scheduled . Mark
Both letters are fine . Please arrange dates for the Chairman to come to Houston . Thanks for all of your help . Mark
Janette , please send him a fax copy only . Mark
Thanks for the info . Next year we want to run those fees through legal before they are allocated out . Mark
I am looking for someone in Portand to work on power plant development that will mostly be in CA and Nevada . I would like you to talk to Sheila Tweed in my office at 713-853-7093 , who is in charge of this effort on the legal side . I will foward your resume to her and of course tell her to keep it very confidential .
FYI
Greetings: John , I would like to promote Hodge to VP this time around . I know our system has changed to get that done , but I wanted to get your support on this . I believe Jeff has done a good job and added significant value for a long time and has earned it . Give me your thoughts . Mark
Wow ! Dan please go ahead and make the call and be sure to let them know we are schocked at the amount of the billing ! Mark
I appreciate the request , but have never given the slides I use out in electronic form . To do that we would need to have very detailed conversations about how they would be used . Give me a call if you still want to talk about it . Mark
I will see you there .
Don , thanks for the feedback . I am supposed to meet with Mike G tomorrow and I would like to chat with you after that meeting . Hope things are going well . I will give you a call . Mark
I would be happy to meet with her , but is unlikely we would be able to sponsor a junior lawyer . It does not work well in our business . Let me know if you want me to talk to her . Mark
Yes , I would like to go . Let me know the time . Mark
Can you cover this ?
Thanks Justin .
Ok to talk to him , I just don't want to get his expectations up . Mark
Thanks .
Gay: It is nice to hear from you . I hope things are going well . Merry Christmas ! Mark
Let's talk about it , but some sort of a consulting role seems appropriate . I guess it would be less hands on than usual . Mark
Alison: I think the energy panel at the AGM on March 17 , 2000 in Amsterdam should discuss ( i ) development of energy trading on the continent , ( ii ) energy documentation issues and ( iii ) regulatory barriers to energy trading . This is a great time to do a panel on energy trading in Europe ! I will copy Paul and Justin in London to get their ideas on both topics and panel members . Perhaps we can have a conference call next week . Mark
1 . Enron Online Trading -- organized a legal team and solved enforceability and documentation issues around the world in a few short months for all the commodities traded by Enron . 2 . Developing New Businesses -- major contributions in developing and structuring coal , insurance , band-width and power plant transactions . The groundwork has been laid to develop very profitable businesses in each of these areas . 3 . Aggressive Pursuit of Litigation Claims as a Plaintiff -- pursued Carolina Power & Light ,  Shell/Meridian , TVA , Ft . James and many others . Most have already settled with excellent results . Successfully defended Wolfschlager , the last Panhandle case and Jolen . 4 . Lead Power Industry to Develop Master Power Agreement -- ENA lead the Edison Electric Institute coalition in developing the first master power agreement . ENA will benefit greatly in terms of dramatically lower transaction costs and greater liquidity . 5 . Reduced Legal Costs as Percentage of Earnings -- brought overall legal costs to less than 6% of EBIT in 1999 , down from 8% in 1998 , despite the upsurge in origination activity . 6 . Brought Finance and Corporate Legal Talent to Origination Deals -- as the origination work expanded dramatically and became much more complex , brought in more sophisticated legal talent to deals like UI and Peoples with great success . 7 . New Concept to Better Manage and Communicate Legal Risks -- developed the legal risk book concept to highlight where the largest buckets of legal risks were and where efforts should be focused .
Please try to schedule a call with Justin and Paul in London and Alison at ISDA over the next week or so . Mark
I will be over for the ISDA board meeting on January 25 and 26 . With the launch of the credit derivatives business , I think it would be a good time to do a brief Securities Law/Chinese Wall seminar relating to the credit business . I would propose to review the rules we have instituted in NA and particular issues in the European market . My preference on timing is in the morning on the 26th , and second , in the afternoon on the 25th . Please give your thoughts on this . Take care . Mark
FYI , we need to talk about a presentation in the London office on Chinese walls . Mark
Thanks for the comments . I will make sure Tana gets taken care of . Mark
Please put this on my calender .
John: I will get on your calender in January when I am over . It is also my understanding , for the credit trading business you are developing , that Chinese walls are not necessary . But it will be necesary to address if equity trading starts up . Also , there are probably related issues , like restricted lists and the like , that could apply to credit trading . Hope you have time to enjoy the Holidays . Take care .
please respond
Michael: I think it is an excellent idea to keep count of the number of ISDAs we have as a way of focusing attention on our progress . I think it may be a good idea to get a paralegal secondee from A&O or Linklaiters . That secondee could then help with overflow work after a return to the firm . Mark
I have noticed it ! Mark
This was the right Monday , so next Monday was the OGC anyway . Mark
Let me know if there is anything else I need to do right now . I would think we would want to set up a conference call as soon as we have identified all the panel members . Take care . Mark
Please prepare this letter for Cliff's signature . Mark
I have listed a few pertinent facts about Jeff for your upcoming meeting . Let me know if you need more information . 1 . Jeff joined ENA Legal on September 1 , 1993 . His title is currently Assistant General Counsel . 2 . Jeff leads a group in the legal department that focuses on physical trading . Jeff spends most of his time on structured deals like Brooklyn Union and physical gas trading . He also has lead the legal team on acquisition deals such as Columbia Energy Services . He has a strong work ethic and an excellent record in closing important transactions . 3 . He has good legal judgment and is described by his clients as a knowledgeable and practical trading lawyer . 4 . Jeff has consistently ranked "excellent" in the performance review process .
John , I can make it on this coming Tuesday . Mark
Anita: Thanks for your note . You made a great contribution to the Singapore office and I thank you for that . Have a happy new year ! Mark Haedicke
Gareth: Thanks for that note . Have a happy new year ! Mark Haedicke
Ernest: Happy New Year ! Is it too late to call on behalf of your wife ? I was swamped in December and never got to it . Let me know . Take care . Mark
Ken: This looks fine to me . Where do we go from here ? Mark
FYI
The name does not sound familiar to me . Mark
Please give me an update so we can get this done . Mark
Happy New Year ! Thanks for the message . I will check on this asap . Mark
By copy of this message , I ask Janette to help Mark out with his request . Please have Mark stop by . Mark
FYI
I hope it comes true ! Mark
Calpine was going to take assignment of a contract with LCRA and backed out on the agreement . We can talk about it more when I am in Portland on Tuesday and Wednesday . Take care . Mark
I will bring some to London as you requested . See you soon . Regards , Mark
FYI
Bob: I am fine with your proposed endorsement language . It was great to see you last week ! Mark
OK
I am working on a plan to increase our bench strength in trading . Wtih bandwidth , EOL etc. , I think recruiting additional lawyers to do trading legal work is critical . I will give you and Michael a call over the next week or so . Take care . Mark
My e-mail address is changed to mark.e.haedicke.enron.com
Julie , great to have you back ! Mark
Mary , by copy of this e-mail , I am asking Justin how big a presence National Power is in energy trading . It seems to me National Power is more analogous to a dealer than a subscriber . Mark
How big a presence is National Power in the market ? Are they analogous to a dealer ? Mark
Welcome ! Please stop by . Mark
Let's talk about it . Mark
I will be in Tokyo next week working on the start-up of energy trading in Japan for Enron . I would like to book time on your respective schedules to meet on Wednesday afternoon . I have some flexibility in my schedule if that does not work for you . I will be in Tokyo on Thursday and Friday too . Look foward to hearing from you . Mark Haedicke
Do we want to talk to him again ? If yes , Jeff , please give him a call . Mark
Sorry , I can't make it . Mark
Thanks for your note . I think it is easiest to contact Julia Murray and Lance Schuler . Please call me at any time . Mark
Mary: I think National Power should be more than a subscriber member . Mark
Dear Terry: Thanks for your quick reply . Wednesday at 2 PM works for me . I would be happy to come to IBJ's offices . I will be joined by two others on our team . I would propose to discuss the prospects and challenges for energy trading in Japan . Let me know if this is OK with you . Look foward to seeing you . Regards , Mark
Richard: Looks good with one change: please delete the reference to honesty -- it's a little too tough . Mark
Martin: Thanks for the update . It sounds overall like the direction will not be negative to our business in any material way . Is that correct ? How is the weather ? Mark
Alan , have you looked at these opinions for Japan , Korea or Singapore ? Are they helpful ? Let me know . Mark
Bill: Let's try to get together today or tomorrow . I will be out next week . Also , give Lance a call and get on his schedule . Look foward to seeing you . Mark
It is my understanding that it is ok with Jim and Elizabeth if Janette attends and works at the conference . If that is correct , I am ok with her attending . Mark
Terry: We are meeting our accounting firm for lunch so we are not available . Thanks anyway . The address I have for IBJ is 1-3-3 Marunouchi , Chiyoda-ku . Is that the correct address of your office ? Let me know . Regards , Mark
Travis , could you please spend a few minutes on this and respond to Steve Wallace ? Thanks . Mark
Joe: I think there are several positive things to point out . ISDA is opening an office in Japan as of April 13 . They have already hired one person and are looking for addtional people . More importantly , Goldman moved one of its top traders worldwide , Tom Montag , from London to Tokyo and is generally beefing up the resources in Japan . IBJ has contacted me about energy trading and asked for copies of confirms and says there is growing interest in the market place . That's all I can think of for now . Take care , Mark
next time !
Paul: Thanks so much for your help . I think the legal team you have made available to us is very impressive . I look foward to our success in Japan . I have authored many articles on trading in markets around the world . Would anyone in your shop like to work with me on energy trading and documentation in Japan ? Mark
Mark: I will be in Amsterdam for the ISDA board meeting on March 15 and 16 . I would like to get an update on the APX before leaving for Amsterdam . For example , do we think it will be successful ? What kind of volume is trading ? Also , I wanted to get your recommendation on what law firms or maybe the APX that I should visit while I am there . Hope things are going well . Regards , Mark Haedicke
Bill , thanks for the invitation , but I cannot make it . Take care . Mark
I am sorry for ISDA that Mark Harding cannot run for Chairman again . I will give you a call . Is Montag willing to do it ?
Seth: I thought last week was very productive . I appreciated your help . The ISDA office in Tokyo is set to open officially on April 13 , 2000 . Yasuko Horibe , who is currently in the ISDA office in NYC at 212-332-1271 is planning on moving to Japan to open the office . Give her a call and get more details . Get back to me if you don't get the info you need . Mark
Per our conversations . Give me a call . Mark
Mark , give me a call . Mark
Please provide your comments to me as soon as you can . The most important thing at this point is to make sure I have the business correctly described . I am working on the letter of intent now . We will have to decide how detailed you want the term sheet and loi . I would think you would want it fairly general for your first few meetings until we get feedback . Let me know . Mark
There is a proposal to have a meeting of the head traders of Enron , Reliant , Sempra , Coral , Duke , Southern , Dynergy and El Paso . The idea would be to talk about e-commerce in the energy business . Specifically , Enron might propose standardization of our masters , start-up of a clearing house for energy trading , electronic mechanism for confirmations , opening EOL to other companies to post bids and offers , and discuss electronic protocols for transactions with other energy companies to reduce costs . We would probably discuss the state of regulatory restrictions under the CEA . What are the anti-trust issues for such a meeting ? What are the appropriate parameters for such meeting ? Should legal counsel be in attendance ? Would it be best to make invitations through a formal letter ?
Jeff , please review and let's talk about it . Mark
Thanks , please work with Travis as I asked to take the lead on developing the conference . Mark
Thanks for the feedback . Mark
I think we need coordination on all plant matters . Mark
Talk to Janette and let's get a few other people . Mark
Paul: I think we should have a brief meeting of you and me and Lance Schuler to plan out a strategy and then direct Raisler . Let me know if this sounds ok to you . What do you think is driving the change of mind ? Regards , Mark
Seth: There is a new senior person that was just hired in Japan to be the head of the office . You should find out that person's name and try to meet with that person in Japan as soon as you can . I think Enron should try to steer one of the committees to focus on energy regulatory matters in a material way . I am not sure what committtee that would be at this point . I think you should have this conversation with the senior person and I will work on it at the board level . Let's keep comparing notes . Regards , Mark
I am ok with all the changes except the deletion of the last sentence in paragraph 1 . I don't understand why Abitibi-Consolidated deleted that sentence . Mark
Tim: I am preparing a list of the pluses and minuses for the three main alternatives of Settlement , Hearing and FERC . I think it will be helpful to channel the discussion . I will send it to you later today . Mark
At this point , I think they should be a subscriber member , since trading of paper is an emerging market . Mark
Sorry for my tardy reply . I have been covered up . Thanks anyway . Mark
I am not sure . The numbers do look reasonable to me . See if they are ok with Sheila Walton and would fit in with our standard policy . Mark
We have not talked about this . Mark
What's going on ? Where are working now ? Mark
Please print out for Bob Crane to sign . Mark
Great conference in Amsterdam . It was the best one yet . I would like to have an IDSA sponsored energy conference in Houston sometime in the next year . I think the time will be ripe to focus on ( a ) energy derivatives around the world and ( b ) the application of web technology to energy . If we do it right , we may draw a large group internationally and build our membership dramatically . Let me know what you think . Regards , Mark
Yes , I want to continue receiving it . Mark
Have you thought about Arthur Andersen or PriceWaterhouse ? Mark
yes .
Please get the lunch on my schedule and book me to take them on a tour of the trading floor . Mark
Thanks for the info . Mark
Bill: I am looking foward to the game ! I will try to walk over to your offices by 6:00 . Mark
Rick , please send me the schedule so I can foward it on to our lead trader in Japan . Thanks . Mark
That sounds like a great start in France . Mark
Thanks . We are in litigation with the Px . Let me know if she continues to pursue Enron . Mark
Thanks for the info . Mark
Best of luck ! Please keep in touch ! Mark
I am on the boards on Harris County Children's Protective Services and International Swaps and Derivatives Association . Mark
Liz , I would love to go . Can I let you know tomorrow as I am still not sure what time by obligations here are over ? Mark
I don't know the person mentioned . Mark
I will have to take a rain check . I am meeting my son's fourth grade field trip here in SA and as it turns out we won't head back until about 7 pm . Have a great tme . Mark
I think that is as good as we can get under the circumstances . I would take it . Mark
H&K has done only a little work for us . Mark
For your review -- the latest diagram for the paper website . Michael , I am free to discuss this at your convenience . I am hopeful this structure will be unregulated in Europe as well . Mark
Not enough experience . Mark
I did it last week ! I think it is a great seminar . Mark
Based on earlier conversations , I have identified the following business methods that may be novel from a patent point of view: 1 . our site is offering "prime" paper rather than seconds or ends 2 . credit risk is managed by the site ( credit intermediation ) without cost to customers 3 . customers can access financial derivatives on paper to manage price risk on physical paper products 4 . customers have access to financial derivatives to manage price risk on prime offerings Please give me your comments on this so we plan our strategy . Mark Haedicke
George , I think your proposal is a good one in light of all the facts at hand . I think it is best if we take the high road in approach as you have proposed . I would ask Robert to prepare a one page bullet list of your points and then let's all briefly review it . I want to stay mindful that litigation is possible and we have to chose our words carefully in event of litigation . Mark
That is a great success . Mark
Bill , I am thinking I could do it May 14 or May 21 , if that works for others . I will confirm next week if those dates work . Mark
Susan: It is ok to provide the requested information . Mark
Thanks for the invitation , but I cannot make it on Friday . Have a great time . Mark
Yes , the 21st works for me . I already made the mistake of mentioning the 14th to Susan and she reminded me what day it was . Mark
Bill , I am flexible but I like between 7 and 8 . Mark
Ken , how should I help promote the Senate bill ? Does it allow us to do a many to many paper product financial exchange without regulation ? What would you change about the Senate bill ? Mark
Dave , I didn't see Julia's name on the list . I assume it was just oversight . Let me know . Mark
FYI
Yes , talk to Cynthia or Mark Taylor . Mark
Thanks , I think your list has real potential from a patent point of view . Mark
Thanks , the talking points are helpful . Mark
A couple of other thoughts: 1 . Aggressively pursue litigation claims and manage litigation risks . 2 . Build contracts and legal infrastructure to support new businesses like paper . 3 . Develop top talent in the firms to assist getting all our deals done . Mark
I will be there . Mark
I could not open the document . Mark
Rob , she could talk to Barbara Gray about a position as a paralegal . Barbara is looking for help on some of the asset work . Mark
Not enough experience for our shop .
Louise , I can take care of this . Once in a while , I need to get my hands dirty . Mark
Jason: I have reviewed the CA and only have one comment . I would like to add a paragragh 10 as follows: "This Agreement shall terminate on the date one year from the date of this Agreement." Enron Net Works LLC will be the party to the agreement . The address is 1400 Smith Street , Houston Texas 77002 . Please set up the agreement for signature by Louise Kitchen as Managing Director . My number is 713-853-6544 if you have any questions . Regards , Mark Haedicke
Cynthia , Rick Grove and I talked by phone to Chairman Rainer today about energy . I made the point that energy swaps should be treated just like financial commodity swaps . Also , I pointed out that innovation has been slowed for electronic trading of energy by the current regulatory structure . I think it would be a good idea to prepare a "positive" letter from a few congressman encouraging a point of view on energy more like the Senate bill . Mark
Rick Grove and I spoke with Chairman Rainer on Friday about energy and he did not budge . He appears to be strongly against us . Why do you think that is ?
Pls . handle . Mark
Peter , the summary is very helpful . Perhaps , we should drop the summary into the monthly report ? Please talk to Julia about that . I want to make it as efficient as possible . Mark
Nora , thanks for the information . As new issues come up , please copy Mark Taylor . Thanks for your help . Mark
Liz , it looks fine . I have printed it and will initial for Greg's signature . Let me know if you have any other questions . Once you get the original back , please send to me for my files . Mark
Julia has all the handouts . Mark
Randy , I will be out of town , but that is ok . MARK
Chris , I got your message . I am very happy how you are coming out ! I think it is a great opportunity for both you and the company ! Please work through the move and comp questions with Julia . Of course I will be available as needed . Mark
Peter , is there any real risk that contingencies from LGEC could spill over to Enron Canada ? Mark
Please set up a meeting next week with Randy and Michelle and Dan to briefly review the issues below . Mark
I am in Houston , but would be happy to give him some contact names . What is his background ? That will help me come up with the right people . Mark
FYI
Bob: Sorrry for the delay in responding . I am ok with V&E representing the underwriter with the usual carve-outs. . Mark
I have not heard of the firm . Mark
Thanks for the summary . Mark
I am OK with this so long as it does not set a precedent for next year . Mark
You're very welcome . Mark
Paul , thanks for the risk memo ! Mark
Peter , thanks for the note . Please copy Julia on updates of this nature . Mark
Please put on my calendar . Mark
Dear Mr . Esposito: I would recommend you talk to Brian Seyfried in London at 44-207-783-7907 re credit and Jere Overdyke in Houston at 713-853-9171 re insurance derivatives . Let me know if you need any more help . Sincerely , Mark Haedicke
Yes , I am generally familiar with the deal . Mark
I would like to be on the panel but I have on a conflict on the conference dates . Please keep me in mind for next year . Mark Haedicke
Bill , that works for me . I am happy to ride together . Let me know what time you will pick me up . Thanks . Mark
I am fine with your proposal . Mark
I have put the executed doc in the mail . Mark
I will be out of town . Thanks for asking . Mark
Greg , it looks fine to me . Let's make sure we have the supporting documentation of the good standing certificate and board resolution . Mark
Jeff , here is the list of managers and officers as it now stands . Let me know what additional changes you want made and we will get all of them done . Mark
7:45 is ok with me . I am at 14623 River Forest . Let me know if you need directions . Mark
We did a cogen deal in Nevada . Try asking Karen Jones in Portland . Mark
This is a test .
For preparation of my travel folder for the trip . Mark
Fish .
Please put this on my calendar . Mark
Please check with Janette . Thanks . Mark
Janet , I am looking to this now . Mark
I think we should try this out . I will work on that . Mark
I received the binder . Thank you . Mark
Dave , I wanted to let you know that I will be in Israel on July 28 , on the date of the VP pre-ranking . This is a long scheduled family trip that would be difficult to cancel . I can call in or get all my comments to you and others ahead of time . Mark
That is a very interesting question . I think we would eventually want to include derivatives in the cross default trigger because of their significance . However , since we often have the far larger derivative position , it would seem at least now , this would more often work against us . Mark Haedicke
Congrats on the deal ! Mark
FYI
Put on my calendar . Mark
I do not know of any reason . Mark
FYI . You call and confirm with Dennis Oakley at Chase .
Cliff , please find the legal opinion we previously discussed . Mark
Don: I would like to attend with you . I will check with my assistant to make sure I can do it . Take care , Mark
Bob: After last year it is a close call , but I want to do it again . I am willing to go for one-half again but am ok with only a quarter of the games . Let me know when you need the money and I will scout around to see if anyone wants a quarter of the games . Mark
Janet , I received your message and heard you loud and clear . We need to diversify the talent working on your deals . Let's get you together with Julia next week to discuss .
Mark , what has been mandated by AA and what is your recommendation . Mark
Please put this on my schedule . Mark
Chris: Thanks for the feedback on Dale . I agree with your assessment . Take care . Mark
Is our filing date of July 1 still on track ? Mark
I think attending the ISDA workshop would be a good idea . Mark
Please find the docs she is referring to so I can sign them . We should get Jeff Hodge to sign them . Mark
Alan , FYI . Please forward on to Tom . I could not get his e-mail address to come up . Mark
FYI . We should talk about attendance at these meetings re electronic trading .
I will not be back from my vacation until August 2 . Is it possible to delay your vacation for two days . If not , I think it will be ok . Mark
Edmund , thanks for that A&O summary . Is anyone recommending any change in the ISDA agreement or schedules ? Hopefully this fact scenario would never apply to Enron . Mark
I can go only if there is no Net Works meeting . Mark
Alan , there is a good article on power trading in Japan . Please pass it on as appropriate . Mark
test
Scott , thanks for the note . Mark
I would try Rick Shapiro . Mark
Rick: As you know , Clinton should sign , over the next couple of days , legislation on electronic signatures . There is a big need to standardize the approach with respect to e-signatures on trading contracts and maybe confirmations . I think this is an area that ISDA could provide leadership and possibly make money through a protocol . Let me know what you think . Mark
Bob: I think the RFP looks great . The one question I had was whether or not we wanted to put in the RFP our objective in terms of income from the facility . Also , should we encourage joint bids ? Take care . Mark
Peter: At this point , it seems to me , it may be helpful , but not materially helpful to bid through a separate entity . Do you disagree with this conclusion ? Mark
Lance , it looks fine to me with exception of the reference to Kinneman . Please revise and send out . Mark
Please look at this and give me your comments . Mark
Pete , thanks for the memo . Mark
George: We have a new lawyer in Alan's group starting in a few weeks . I want this lawyer to help Wayne . I think this will take care of the issue . Thanks . Mark
FYI
Thanks for asking , but my schedule does not permit speaking at that time . Mark
Tim: What's your reaction to this article on Cal Px ? Mark
Bob: We are working on a "protocol" re electronic signatures . Is this something isda would want to be involved in ? Maybe money could be made . Let me know . Mark
Alan , I forwarded it on to the GC at ISDA and am looking forward to his comments . Great job . Mark
Bob: I think we say we want the facility to be revenue enhancing and that we are in favor of joint bids . Take care . Mark
Yes I do think so . He may want to coordinate with V&E , but that is ok . Please point out we are working with ISDA . Mark
Let's try to use V&E on the e-signature things as much as possible .
Bob: We are working on an e-signature "protocol" and wondered if ISDA wanted to take the lead in this matter ? Let me know . Mark
Bob: This is something we are working on at Enron . Is this something ISDA has interest in taking a lead on ? I think ISDA could add value by developing a standard approach to e-signatures . Mark
Let's do it in August during the week of the seventh . Please start working on a short memo for Dave and me to send out . I think we need to have at least two dates . The memo should say attendance is mandatory . Mark
I think we should get either you or Sara involved in this . Gary has requested a Houston lawyer help in establishing the business in London . Mark
Tim , thanks for the note . Mark
This looks ok to me . Mark
Thanks !
FYI on the lawyers conference . Mark
Bill , I called Shapiro about this and he said they were interested and would cover the meeting you told me about . I would give Rick a call at this point . Thanks . Mark
Paul: Great news ! Were there any difficult questions raised by the SFA ? Mark
Justin: Thanks for the info . Alan and I are going to work on it from this side . It sure looks like we could use a lawyer in New York . After you and Alan talk it through , let's agree on a plan to get the work done in NYC to make sure we are coordinated . Mark
Chris: Thanks for the update . Let's try to get together in Toronto on Tuesday , August 15 or 22 . Do either of those days work for you ? I would envision getting up to speed on business opportunities in Ontario and addressing the questions you raised . Your proposal makes sense , but I would like to defer our decision until we have had a chance to talk it through . Mark
Yes , Michael raised it to me , so that is all clear . With respect to the candidate you mentioned , I think I would need to review his resume and see what the arguments would be . Let's get together and talk about this before you go to the recruiters . Mark
Rosemary: Yes , I would be happy to . I would like to get some time on the schedule to review the plan for energy both in North America and Europe . It seems to me that we ought to have a meeting in Frankfurt in Sept and a seminar on energy in Houston over the next six months . Mark
Please add this to my schedule . Maybe , I can fly to Toronto the next day . Ask Chris Gaffney if September 21 works for him instead of the dates I proposed in August . Mark
Chris: How about Sept 21 ? I have to be in NYC anyway on Sept 20 . Mark
Please review the attached summary of legal risks . Mark
In preparation for our meeting on Monday , I listed the key legal issues re the PPAs . Mark
I think you need to do their reviews . I would coordinate with Jeff Hodge to make sure you get the appropriate feedback from Houston .
Liz: Put me down for $50 . Mark
Alan , are we doing anything on Aer*x anymore ? Please let Mark Holsworth know . Mark
I updated mine last week . Please confirm it is not there as of today . Mark
What topics do you think would be appropriate ? I will have just a few minutes . I was thinking CFTC , electronic trading , physical trading forms and continued opening of power markets in North America to trading . Mark
We should include ISDA energy definitions , CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North America . I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form . I am thinking 4 slides at the most . Is that what you want ? Mark
Michael: The September ISDA meeting is coming up and I am starting to plan my schedule . I will be in London on Monday and Tuesday , Sept 12 and 13 . I will also be in Frankfurt on Wednesday and Thursday . Are you free for dinner on either Monday or Tuesday ? Who is the best person in Frankfurt to give me an overview of the trading markets in Germany ? Regards , Mark
Jane: There are lots of countries that at first did not allow derivatives and later changed the laws to allow them . Bob Pickel , the GC of ISDA in NYC could give you info on this or Jeff Golden at Allen & Overy in London could give you info . Mark
Yes , please check on that . Mark
Martin: Looks like great progress ! Mark
Thanks for the memo . It is going to be a very interesting area ! Mark
Please set a telephone meeting with Alex for me . Mark
Please see note on Frankfurt . Mark
Shouldn't we go with LeBeouf ? Mark
Mark: A concern has been raised about IT service providers working on EOL or other Enron projects and then taking know-how to a competitor , such as Dynegy . Since these service providers tend to work for a lot of different companies , it seems like this is a significant issue . How do we address this risk in the contracts ? Do we need to add a non-competition clause ? Mark Haedicke
Ron: Thanks for your help . Let's get together for lunch some time . Let me know what works for you . Mark
NIck: Do we have an erergy meeting scheduled in September . Let's talk about this . We could do it in either London or Frankfurt doing the week of the board meeting . Let me know your thoughts on this . Mark
Rick: Thanks for the message . I have sent an e-mail to Nick . I will coordinate with him . Mark
Paul: Thanks for the e-mail . I agree with your assessment . I also want to thank you for your support of the legal department . We feel like we are part of the team and I appreciate your efforts in that regard . Take care , Mark
Nick: I will plan on being there and will be happy to comment on item 4 . I think we also could talk about regulatory barriers to energy trading in Europe . Please keep me posted on seminar plans in Europe re energy . Regards , Mark
Bob: per our conversation . Mark
It seems to me that our standard language should prohibit service providers from working on any similar project for a competitor or disclosing in any way that work was done for Enron . Also , we may want to specify liquidated damages for violation of this covenant . Any objections to this ? Mark Haedicke
Jay: You and I can talk through the issues . The key point is that you have to vote the best interest of the corporation on whose board you sit and not your personal interest or the interest of Enron . Give me a call and we can talk through the business of Convergent and what the risks are . Mark
I agree . Also , I think what we do here will be cited by others . Mark
Mark: Would you please propose language to me along the lines I suggested . Thanks . Mark
Please take this comment into account when you draft up some language . Thanks , Mark
Dad: Thanks for letting me know . She seemed to be a wonderful person . Things are going well for me and my family . We bought a place at Silver Shells in Destin recently . I am hopeful we will get there some during the summers . Thanks , Mark
I will be here next week . Mark
Please schedule 30 minutes with Janette . Mark
Do you think that a bill favorable to energy will be passed over the strong opposition of the CFTC ? What kind of odds do you put on it ? It is a significant change if Treasury is not longer against us -- but it is a little hard for me to believe that it is real . Should I try to make a trip to Washington in September ? Let me know . Mark Haedicke
Mark: Let's start using this right away . Mark Haedicke Non-competition: Contractor covenants that it will not use for any reason the By accepting work under this Agreement , Contractor warrants that it will not perform any similar work for a competitor of Company . Contractor acknowledges its obligations under section 4 of this Agreement and , as such , shall not accept any work in which it might divulge any information , ideas , concepts , know-how or techniques learned or created during ( collectively the "Information" ) while providing the work services performed for theCompany , including without limitation , when Contractor provides services to any company competing with the Company . Anytime Contractor provides substantially similar services to a company competing with the Company , it shall take all appropriate caution to protect the Information , use employees that did not provide services to the Company and Contractor shall provide written notice to the Company .
Let's talk about this when you get a chance . Mark
Please briefly fill-in the attached draft monthly report for Net Works by August 15 . Please e-mail your additions to Janette for her to compile . Thanks , Mark
I was happy to do it . I really like your artwork . Let's get together for lunch sometime . Regards , Mark
Mary: I asked for a list of major energy trading parties . It seems to me that we should try again to get those on the list that are not already members to join ISDA . Let me know if I can help . Regards , Mark
Mary: Here is the list on telecom companies . Let me know how I can help . Regards , Mark
Great resume , but too specialized for my group . Mark
Mark , I was looking for your comments on this memo . Thanks . Mark H
I cannot be there , but am very glad you are having this meeting . Mark
No I have not . Mark
Mary: Spring break for most schools in Houston for 2001 is March 12 through March 17 . Otherwise , I am open in Feb and Mar at this time . I think London is a better venue for an energy conference than Amsterdam . Also , I think we will eventually want to do an energy trading presentation on Japan -- maybe at the update on October 26 . Mark
I would like to change our policy regarding taping telephone trades . I propose the following: 1 . Retention Period -- change the retention period from 4 months to 2 months 2 . Record Only Deal Terms -- change from taping everything to taping only the deal terms at the end of a call The first change could be made immediately and the second change would require both reprogramming ( Phillippe is looking at this ) and training of the traders to press the record button at the end of a call to record the deal terms . Let me know your thoughts on the proposed changes . Mark Haedicke
Per our conversation on coordination of our efforts on California and other jurisdictions , we have developed the following training program: 1 . Anti-trust -- we have completed anti-trust training in Houston for traders and have scheduled it in Portland and Calgary . 2 . Sales Practices -- this training has been completed in Portland and is being scheduled in Houston and Calgary . 3 . Anti-manipulation -- this training has been completed in Portland , but needs to be expanded to cover local law manipulation issues . It also needs to be scheduled in Houston and Calgary . Also , the above training needs to be supplemented with training on local power pool rules . There is a similar program being prepared in London . A meeting is being scheduled so we can discuss these matters further . Mark Haedicke
Please prepare drafts of the slides suggested in the attached "agenda slide" . Mark
Paul: I have proposed we change our procedure here and we are discussing the proposed changes . I will send you a copy of my proposal . We can talk about in a few weeks in London . Regards , Mark
I am trying to build consensus on this issue . Take care . Mark
I think partnering with a lawfirm would be a good idea re documentation . However , I am not sure the ISDA board is likely to pick a proposal that includes a competitor of the stature of Enron . I will call ISDA and try to get a read on what ISDA wants to do which is not clear at this point . Regards , Mark
Thanks for confirming the destruction of tapes . Mark
FYI
I vote for the monastery . I look forward to our meeting . Mark
Jenette: please put this tentatively on my schedule . Mark
Please set up this meeting . Mark
Try Sheila Tweed . We did a few transactions there last year . Mark
Larry: On the resume , only one comment . I would split out Community Affiliations or just delete it . I will give the resume to a friend of my in HR and ask where he thinks the best fit would be in Enron . Do you want me to e-mail your resume to a few people I know in other businesses ? If yes , please send again without the note to me . Mark
I have talked to my friend and the areas where we need help are in coal product and paper product marketing and industrial customer outsourcing . Give me a call and I can describe the opportunities and see what your interest level is . Mark
Bob: I think Enron is more likely to use the intranet service . I was unclear however , if additional service was available in the internet service , such as links to the explanatory books ? I think generally we would want the convenience of having the ISDA materials inside for use by any Enron employee . If the cost gets too high , I don't think members will pay for it . $10,000 sounds ok to me . Regards , Mark
Peter: Thanks for the message . I look forward to getting together . Mark
David: Per our conversation last week , I have attached a copy of Mr . Lipman's resume . He has expressed interest in learning more about the coal , paper and steel business opportunities . He will give you a call at 713-853-3557 to schedule a time to meet . Regards , Mark Haedicke
Thanks for the e-mail . I have asked Alan to find a time where we could talk on Thursday to make sure we are coordinated on Rudolf Wolffe . Regards , Mark
Please circulate as appropriate in Portland . Mark
FYI
Congratulations to you and your team ! Mark
Thanks for the invitation but we are going on to Calgary . Mark
FYI
Bob: Thanks for the heads up . Mark
John , I would like to get together for lunch on the 6th of Sept . Take care . Mark
Joan: I will talk to Susan and see what her interest is . Thanks . Mark
Dan , are you ok with the minutes ? Mark
Paul: We do Sales Practices training which gets into some of what your are suggesting . I think it is a good idea to take it further with a list of "don'ts" . We can get you are training materials . We are in the process of uploading all training materials including videos into various websites . Mark
Any interest ? If yes , please contact this candidate . Mark
Please give me the contact names because I don't know much about this . Mark
I am ok with a memo as you proposed . Mark
Susan: Thanks for the note . Glad to hear that you are doing well . Please send me a brief description of what ICor does . Regards , Mark
Rob , I want to keep a relatively low profile until we settle Project Stanley . With respect to cooperating with TransAlta while the lawsuit is pending -- that seems to send the wrong signal to TransAlta . Mark
Wes , I am forwarding the monthly report on Legal . It seems to be inconsistent with the legal budget numbers in the QBRs . Overall , it shows Legal is slightly over budget for the year . Could you have someone compare the numbers and let me know if the monthly report is correct . Mark
Please update as you fill in the rest of the dates . Thanks . Mark
Joan: Great ! Susan said she would like to go to a few shops as you suggested . We can talk about that . Mark
That looks good . Our call next week will be on Tuesday and Julia will be leading it . I will see you in London soon . Mark
I am ok with it . Mark
I agree . I want to change the reporting to be directly to me anyway . Let's discuss . Mark
John , I think I can meet for lunch on the 7
Thanks for the invitation , but I will be returning from Europe . Mark
Thanks for the message ! It was a complete victory ! Mark
For your use if the materials don't make it here in time . Mark
Yes , I am happy to do that . Mark
We sent a letter asking him to stay away from the families and INS is supposed to show up today and deport him . We'll see what happens . Mark
Please hold for me . I will see you soon . Mark
Let's plan on talking about BT's hedge claim . Mark
Peter: Please give me a two or three sentence summary of the trading issue and court decision thereon in Blue Range . I want to report on it over the next two weeks in ISDA energy committee meetings . Regards , Mark
Peter: You are asking good questions . Generally , most employees are part of ENA and provide services to all the wholesale businesses . The executives tend to have their own company business cards and stationary . But , most of the business continues under ENA or an existing company . Occasionally , litigation concerns dictate not following the general rules . You can get more specific info from Julia . Mark
Niki: I would be happy for 2 students to be assigned to Legal . Mark
large
A few of my pictures . Mark
Please print these out for me and forward to Mark Taylor , Alan , Elizabeth and Jeff Hodge .
Accord should be a primary member . It is the trading arm of British Gas . Mark
Thanks for the summary . I had missed your prior e-mail on the topic . Mark
Great ! Let me know how it goes . Mark
Dan , let's go with the following as modified . Thanks , Mark
I appreciate all the work you did for us ! Mark
Well done ! Please send a copy of the plan to the OGC and work with Janette to schedule a meeting of the OGC to review the plan and get buy-in across the group . Let's schedule the meeting for 1and 1/2 hours . I would like you in the mean time to focus on a time line to implement the program . Also , please set up a meeting for you and me with Phillippe Bibi to discuss getting help from IT to implement our plan . Mark
I don't know anything about this . Mark
Put me on the 11:50 flight and let's see if we can do dinner at 7:00 rather 8:00 . Thanks , Mark
We are looking at buying several paper companies . I think you should send them to me . Thanks . Mark
Thanks for the resume . I do not need a regulatory lawyer at this time . Mark
John , I don't see that as a problem . It was good to see you . Regards , Mark
Send the docs to Julia . Mark
Please see below from ISDA . Do we ever want to go to using the ISDA for physical and financial deals ? Should this be a long range plan ? Mark
I have responded below . Also , my title is Managing Director and General Counsel of Enron Wholesale Markets . I would add a bullet " comparison of masters in use in North America." Mark
Please fix this for me . Mark
Thanks for the message . I will try to get that fixed . Mark
Yes , include me on the list . Mark Haedicke
What is the status of setting up Chinese Walls ? Mark
Bill: I would talk to Lisa Mellencamp about representing ENA re East Coast Power . Mark
FYI
Mary: Sorry , I can't make the lunch . Historically , the interest in Enron sponsoring any event has been very low . I will raise it but I am not optimistic . Mark
Looks good to me . Mark
Rappaport's comments are potentially very negative to us . I think we should write him a letter in protest . Mark
Please handle re Paul Nelson .
Please schedule .
I am working on the scheduling the meeting this afternoon with Power Systems and their outside lawyers to ask for the legal opinion we need on this matter . We have to nail down all the facts and then get Power System's outside lawyers to write the appropriate opinion . I will keep you posted . Mark
Please send an e-mail copy of the speech I gave shortly after meeting with Mr . Ford . Mark
George: I will send it by e-mail . Take care . Mark
Please call John Arnold and ask him where the traders are coming out on this . Let me know . Mark
I think it is both Rappaport and his target audience . I think Dan needs to hear directly from us that we are not happy with the position he has taken re electronic trading . Silence by us could be misinterpreted by him . Let me know what you think . Mark
Dan , please prepare a list of items you think I should sign off on and then set up a meeting where we can review that list with the whole team . Mark
Steve: It looks like a great program ! I am happy to participate . I would like to have a teleconference of the panel within a few weeks so that I can make sure I have time to get my materials together . Regards , Mark For your files . Mark
I got the chart in electronic form . Mark
Dan , I would like to have a brief meeting with the team to talk through the list -- to make sure we are all on the same wavelength . Let's do it soon with the idea we would have another meeting to wrap things up as appropriate . Mark
Let me know if you see any problem . Mark
Steve: It's ok to put confirmed . Mark cc: Subject: RE: Energy Bar Association Program Mark , I appreciate your taking the time out of your busy schedule to participate in the program . I will plan to arrange a conference call during the early parof October among the e-commerce panelists . Can the program reflect that yoare confirmed , or should we list you as invited ? Steve
Please briefly review the slides attached below and give me your reaction . Please forward on to our clients if you think it would be helpful . Mark
I think you must be looking for Mark Holsworth at Enron Corp . Mark Haedicke
Paul: It is true that there is no wall -- however , it is geographically separate . The equity trading is the end portion of the floor . There are three hallways that go to equity trading , each about 10 feet long . It would not be possible to hear anything said outside of the equity trading area . Robert Bruce is working on updating our policy and procedures in Houston and by copy hereof ask him to update you .
Please confirm we send this memo to MDs and key commercial employes . Mark
Everyone was intrigued that Enron submitted a proposal . However , it is difficult to guess the outcome . Mark
Rick: I would like to have a presentation on local rules such as ISO rules in the various locations where we operate . Can your group do this as we work on the legal presentations . I believe this is already happening in part , but I would like to make more institutionalized . Let me know . Mark
Please work with Richard Sanders to decide on the distribution list which should include all MDs and Robert Knight . I want to get it out by Wednesday . Mark
per our conversation . Mark
Per our conversation . Mark
There is no attachment . Mark
Please retype and send the memo directly within e-mail . Thanks , Mark
FYI . I am working on new procedures requiring a "budget" for outside counsel on our more complex deals to improve cost control . Mark
Thanks . Mark
Hi Larry: I think your best shot at Enron would be in paper with Bryan . I think we got a gift -- I remember Susan saying something . I am just the Dad ! Everything is going well . Keep me posted on your job opportunities or if you want me to follow up with anyone here . Mark
Joe: Thanks for the invitation . I would love to be there but unfortunately I can't make it . Mark
Only the 3 slides on power point . Mark
Does Rob want to meet on Oct 5 ? If yes , I want to be done by 10:00 . Mark
Yes for the choice of law but not for jurisdiction . We could agree to non-exclusive jurisdiction in Ohio . Mark
It is ok with me . Mark
I am ok with the seminar . People may have figured out other ways like self study to get their ethics hours in . Mark
FYI
FYI
Dave: This is for routine and "small" matters only . The resolutions are drafted so that the signature authority is narrow and specific . Frequency is only one factor . An example would be certain defined right-of-way agreements and certain defined confirms . I will review the authority that has been delegated currently . [Julia and Deb , please pull the existing resolutions with delegation of authority and let's review.]
Bonnie: Thanks for your note . I would be happy to meet with you and review opportunities . Give my assistant a call . Mark
You are meeting with Bowen who has authority to hire . Give me a call and we can talk through each of the people . Take care . Mark
Primary . I think we should give an ultimatum to Cargill . I could say that all Enron trading is to hedge risk too ! Mark
Please schedule this call . Mark
Please give Michelle Cash a call or Karen Jones in Portland . Mark
Set me up for a lunch or a Rockets game . The tickets should be coming soon . Mark
Please handle . Mark
Please update me on the issues . Mark
Please schedule something either in my office or a lunch . Whatever they prefer . Mark
Peter: Please send these updates to Lance Schuler , Travis McCullough and me going forward . Mark
Thanks . Mark
Pete , the report is fine . Go ahead and send it out to Frevert , McMahon , Bowen and Haedicke . Thanks . Mark
I want to get this started . Let's get together at the time provided below . Mark
Do you know what this is about ? Mark
Mary: This is complicated for oil companies . Mobil Exxon only does hedging . Shell has at least two groups , with one doing mostly hedging and one doing mostly trading for profit . BP Amoco is sort of in between . It is very clear with respect to Cargill and El Paso and Shell -- each should be primary . The companies may be trying to manipulate the rules by having the hedging organization send in the application . Let me know if you need other info . Mark
It's ok to use Blakes given the conflicts . On the structure , I will forward this message to Steven Douglas and ask for his advice . Mark
Here are a few . Take care . Mark
I am fine with your recommendations except I see no need to have an outside director if not legally required . Who would you recommend as filling that director position ? Mark
FYI
You are the man ! I will be out of town on Dec 23 through 28 and March 11 through 18 . Mark
Paul: The ISDA meeting is tentatively set for Jan 18 . So it may be possible for me to be there on the 21st . As always , the schedule could change , but I would make every effort to be there . Again , congratulations ! Mark
It is ok . Mark
Dave: Based on our discussions this morning: 1 . Internal Costs -- a capacity charge will be determined for each wholesale business unit based on a time allocation matrix that each lawyer and paralegal prepares . The time allocation matrix will be revised during the year if material changes in the work occur . 2 . Outside Costs -- require internal sign-off by GC and COO to spend more than $10,000 on a potential transaction AND a written transaction budget for proposed outside legal expenses more than $10,000 . Wherever possible , a firm cap on legal fees should be negotiated . A memorandum will be sent from the GC and [Chairman of the Wholesale Group?] laying out the procedure to all employees . 3 . Selection of Outside Lawyers -- expressly add billing rates and efficiency as key considerations , in addition to quality , in the selection of outside counsel . [Dave , we need to complete our discussion on this point.] Our new policy needs to be reviewed with outside counsel . 4 . Reopener ! -- need to review where business changes significantly .
Dave: I have attached the "time allocations" ( which are used for inside costs only ) by attorney to the various business groups . We can derive the percentage of total legal department inside costs from this chart , in order to calculate the capacity charge , for ENA and the other wholesale groups and ENW . We had used this chart to bill back to the various business units within ENA , but we will stop doing that now per our conversation . Are you in agreement ? Mark
I would like to do fewer resolutions authorizing non-vps to sign contracts , and when we need such authorizations , let's make sure the resolutions are appropriately limited . My thoughts are as follows: 1 . We have a lot of vps that can sign contracts . 2 . It is generally ok to have confirmations signed by certain carefully selected directors since we are confirming a trade that already took place and there is master agreement already signed . 3 . There are certain very routine agreements like pipeline right-of-way agreements that are ok for carefully selected directors to sign . 4 . Confidentiality agreements should be signed by a vp . 5 . Any authorization for a director to sign should expire within not more than one year and revoke all prior authorizations . Please give me your comments . Mark
Keep me posted on this matter . Mark
Bruce: I am tied up for lunch , but let's get together during the day on Monday or Tuesday . Mark
It looks good to me . How do we keep up with changes in a counterparty's business ? What if it no longer physically handles a particular commodity ? Mark
Thanks . Mark
I will be happy to help if I can . What is the timing ? Mark
Thanks . Mark
I had a brief conversation with Vicki about splitting the costs 50/50 on the legal side to be consistent with the business arrangement . She asked to use the European operation as a model . At some point , Peter you should just give Vicki a call and talk it through . Mark
Please delete me from the list . Mark
Could you please respond for me . Mark
I am ok with it so long as you don't spend much time at it . If there is a material time commitment or the company is competing head to head with Enron , then it would be a problem . Mark
It looks good . I am in the process of confirming . Mark
Please start working on a top ten legal risks list . I want to include that list for each of your companies ( EGM , EIM and ENW ) in the monthly report . This list should be in bullet format . If you have any questions , please give me a call . Mark
Per our conversation . Mark
Please delete me from your e-mail list . Mark
Not yet , but I am told they plan to fund the additional 500,000 . Mark
Please see if you and/or AGC's in your respective groups can make time to participate . I have always found it to be a very rewarding experience . Let me know . Mark
The volume and complexity of our legal work has increased dramatically over the past few years . I think this environment requires additional time to be devoted to legal planning and review in order to provide the best possible service to our clients . Within the next month , I have asked Janette to schedule a Quarterly Legal Review for each group listed on our new organizational chart .  I would envision that we would focus on the following: review of the current monthly legal report and significant legal issues review of the top ten legal risks form contracts and other documentation projects legal budget legal resources , inside and outside performance metrics In addition , I am proposing that any energy trading contract for a term longer than one year by initialled by an AGC or member of the OGC . Let me know what you think about that . Mark Haedicke
Why wouldn't we use the EEI form in Ontario ? The markets will be integrated , at least in part , into the US . We could have an annex for Ontario . We will be using the EEI form right across the border in the US . Let 's chat about this . Regards , Mark
Effective today , there is a new legal review procedure for physical power contracts that are individually negotiated , with a term longer than one year . Please notify me ( Janette will maintain a list of contracts , counterparties and status ) when drafting starts on such power contracts and provide me with a draft with sufficient time to make comments prior to closing . My objective is to insure a consistent approach on these power contracts . Thanks for your cooperation in this matter . Please forward this memo on to the lawyers on your team . Mark Haedicke
YES !
Alan , I like your suggestions . Please forward your e-mail to the rest of the ogc to facilitate discussion . I would like to finalize this policy next week . Mark
I want to have a pre-telephone conference with JoAnn on what we are going to present . Let's spend one half hour . Mark
Please add to the list as number three . Mark
Sounds good . Mark
Your memo was well done . Mark
Keep this as a top priority ! Thanks . Mark
I will talk to Dave about this and get back to you . Mark
I will see you for dinner . Mark I assume we are talking Nit Noi off of Kirby . Mark Sent by: "Ingram , Kay" Please respond to "Swanstrom , Bill"
For your review . Mark
I am ok with it . Mark
Congrats on a job well done and a successful result .
Any particular legal issues on these deals ? Mark
Please handle . 4 breakout rooms is a safe number . Mark
I appreciate the extra work . Thanks . Mark
Travis McCullough , Richard Sanders and Michelle Cash . I am still thinking about a couple more . I probably need a few weeks to finalize . Thanks . Mark
Thanks for the heads up . Mark
Elizabeth and Christian: Please brief me on what impact you believe the FERC proposed order could have on our contracts . Mark
I was not aware of this . I will investigate . Thanks .
We want the letter on Doyle and New Albany ASAP . Is there any reason we would not do the joint defense agreement . Mark
I think this is a detrimental reliance case or fraud . I want to be aggressive on this . Richard , please let me know what theory is best . Do we have counsel for Washington ? Mark
Thanks . Mark
I think it is a good experience . Thanks . Mark
Mark: for your info . Mark Haedicke
Peter: I asked Mark T to give you a call . Legal questions on the financial confirms should be handled in Canada as the first option and secondly go to Houston . Please talk it through with Mark T to make sure that all works . Should you and Mark T talk it through with the confirm desk in Canada to make sure it is clear ? Regards , Mark Haedicke
No cc: Subject: Lexis CertiFinder Training EB47C2 at 10:30 AM - 11:30 AM on Friday , Do you have any interest in attending this ? Janette Elbertson Enron North America Corp . Legal Department - EB3326
Thanks for the offer ! I think I am all set . Mark
Please see comments below . Mark
The top ten legal risk report for EGM is new . It should help focus attention on the most significant legal risks . Mark
Richard , please review and comment asap . Mark
Dave: I have prepared a first draft of a letter for your review . Let me know if you want to make changes . Regards , Mark
Elyse: I like the first one a lot . Could we do it for this Christmas ? I would hate to wait a whole year . I also think the last one is a good idea . Let me know what I can do to help . Mark
I think you pose an interesting legal issue . I believe there is caselaw on this in the states . We have a variation on this in some agreements in that if exposure exceeds x , then collateral must be posted . I will be interested in the responses you get . Regards , Mark
Janette
I am glad you enjoyed the game ! Please coordinate with Janette . Mark
Phillippe: Please convey to your people how important it is that they monitor compliance with this policy and let me know about any violations . Mark
It looks fine . Mark
FYI
I am still working on a Spanish speaking trading lawyer . One should be available by December 15 . Mark
I think we need to watch this . Mark
Jon: Thanks ! I will be in London for the ISDA meeting in mid-January . See you then ! Regards , Mark
Thanks Gareth ! Hope things are going well . Mark
Thanks Bob ! Mark
Please register me for the flu vaccine . My cost center is 105655 and my company number is 413 . My extension is 36544 . Thank you .
Jordan: Travis is going to give you a call about keeping up to speed on some of the year end deals . Would it make sense for Travis or someone else to attend any of your staff meetings ? Or maybe you could attend ours or both . Let me know what you think . Mark
Paul: Is this resolved ? Let me know if we need to discuss further . Mark Paul Simons Subject: Enron Corp - Risk Management Policy Mark Further to my voicemail , I attach the string of emails which highlights theconcern relating to personal trading by Enron staff ( please see section VIIMiscellaneous - Employee Trading) . I appreciate you are tied up at a management conference , but if you couldpossibly get word to me on who I should speak to to resolve this , I would bvery grateful . Many thanks Paul
Mark: I think the "Welcome" is great and have no changes . Janette is sending you the org chart I want to use . Thanks ! Mark Haedicke
Thanks Bob . Mark
Thanks Jordan . Mark
Please print out and put in my QLR binder . Mark
no problema
Please review and give me your brief thoughts on this . Mark
Thanks Bruce . Have a great Thanksgiving ! Mark
Please see the review below , which I agree with . Mark Greenberg is my elawexpert . Mark
Thanks for the chart . Let's get together next Monday and talk through . Regards , Mark
John: I would like to go over the work your firm is doing for us . I will ask my assistant to give you a call and set up a meeting . Happy Thanksgiving ! Mark
Peter: I think your collective e-mails constitute the legal risk memo . What do you think the legal risk rating ought to be ? Regards , Mark
FYI
Please review this memo and leave me a voice mail on the status . Are we making changes suggested by our Mexican lawyers ? Mark
Travis , please look into this per my voice mail and get back to both me and Rick . Mark
I am very interested in Steve and think we could use him in addition to Shari . The only problem is that I agreed that I would not try to recruit him so the firm would agree to let us second him . We just need to proceed slowly with him and hopefully it will work out to our benefit . Regards , Mark
Please respond back with a date . Thanks , Mark
Yes , go ahead and remove it . Mark
Jeff , will you coordinate with Peter for the legal PRC in getting all the info on the Cd lawyers so you and I can represent them at the PRC .
So far , I think EWS will be an unincorporated business unit . Mark
The person I had in mind was Fransisco Pinto-Lite . He is unwinding from his old obligations . I will work on an update . Mark
John: That is fine with me . See you then . Mark
At the last minute I could not go either . Hope things are going well . Mark
Randy: You make some great points . We need to sit down and talk about this further . An org memo is going out today , but it does not address South America . I will give you a call . Regards , Mark
What is the status of our discussions with Carlos ? Mark
Thanks . It was very helpful . Mark
Are there year-end deals ? If yes , how will they be covered ? Let me know . Thanks . Mark
Janice: Would you please follow up on this with Bill McCoy . Mark
Is it really necessary to coordinate everything through ENW ? I am not sure people will do that ? I think ENW should be informed but not be in control of the registration . Have the ENW people requested that they be in charge of this process ? Will they care if we change it ?
Let me know what the outcome of the meeting is . Thanks . Mark
I think it is great ! When is the best time for me to make my contribution ? On the radio show or before ?
I appreciate your support . Sounds like progress is being made on the deal.Thanks for all the hard work ! Mark cc: Subject: Re: CPS BEAR Program Mark , I do not know where I will be Monday ( Washington , NYC , Bahamas , Houston)..but I would be pleased to support what looks like a good cause otherwise.Thanks , Ned PS - We closed $135MM loan w/ ExImbank last friday but do not fund until Meanwhile , McConnell is meeting the Prime Minister of Bahamas on the LNGstorage facility/Pipeline to Florida this wednesday .
Please schedule a meeting for Dan Fournier and David Jackson with Jim Derrick and me in Houston over the next couple of months . We will probably first meet in Jim's office and then go to lunch . Mark
Jane: ISDA is planning an energy seminar in Tokyo in mid-May . We have heard there may be an energy seminar in March or April in Tokyo . Have you heard of the earlier seminar ? We are trying to decide whether it makes sense to go forward on the May seminar . Could you look into this and talk to the traders . Thanks for your help . Regards , Mark
Looks good to me . Mark
no problema
Eric: I have talked to Alan Aronowitz about this as well . You need more resources immediately from inside . We will also have to recruit outside to get enough resources as the business grows . Regards , Mark
It sounds premature at this time for ISDA to put on an energy seminar in Japan . Do you agree ? Mark
I am hearing that it may be premature to do an ISDA energy conference in Tokyo because almost all the products being discussed so far are physical . What do you think ? Mark
Here is the memo I mentioned in our meeting today . Let me know if there are other items we should put on the list . Thanks . Mark
Jim: The draft memo on power is attached . Lots more work to do . Let me know if you want to discuss further . Mark
I do not think so . I think he will be at Enron until he is 65 . Mark
John: I have not seen the legal opinion yet from Brazilian counsel [Dr . Pinto] on our dollar indexing issue . Please forward to me so I can review the opinion and get final approval for the deal . Regards , Mark
I would not want to move forward with either unless you are a "sponsor" and believe such tools would clearly add value immediately . Mark
We are coming in on the 22 , Friday and will be leaving on the 27 . Good luck on the job ! Look forward to seeing you soon . Mark
Bruce: I think your suggestion makes sense . An e-mail or voicemail on major developments as they occur would be helpful . Thanks , Mark
cc: Subject: E-mail / Voice Mail Retention Policy Change Notice Could you please put me on the notification list when changes like this areimplemented ? I manage the field IT function for ETS . My group provides support for about 1800 field employees . We need to be able to roll this information out in a timely manner to those field employees . Thanks . If you have any questions/concerns , please feel free to call me atSue
Jim: I am confused . LeBeouf wanted to represent ENA and EES and Reliant never came up in the conversations . We picked Brobeck and it was painful for LeBoeuf . I think there must be some additional facts relative to New Power . Regards , Mark
Great job ! Mark
Please schedule . Mark
please schedule
Please review the attached hypos and give me comments . How do I make 2 and 3 better ? What other hypos should I add ? Maybe one geared more toward Alberta ? Mark
Peter: I have attached my work in progress to give you an idea of what I am looking for . Regards , Mark
As a follow up to our meeting with the traders last week about litigation risks , I have drafted the attached hypos ( so far ) for discussion about legal risks in the changing landscape . Let me know if you have any comments .
My accomplishments for the year 2000 include the following: 1 . EEI Form Master Power Contract -- ENA Legal led the industry development of the first master power contract . The form is rapidly becoming the industry standard for North America and in the process dramatically lowering costs and increasing liquidity . In October , we put an EEI into place with PG&E with the result that Enron credit exposure is $50,000,000 less than under the prior contract . 2 . New Legal Risk Rating Methodology -- implemented a legal rating system which simplifies the review of legal risks and makes it much easier to determine whether or not we are being appropriately compensated for the legal risks . 3 . EWS Legal Website for Training -- website has gone live for training regarding all major EWS legal issues . This website will reduce training costs and increase availability of training to all employees . 4 . Developing New Businesses -- integral part of developing and structuring Enron Online , bandwidth trading , equity trading , Clickpaper.com , insurance , pulp , coal , Japan and Australia . 5 . Litigation Settlements -- many disputes were settled favorably including Fort James , California Px , TVA and BPA . 6 . Deal Machine Never Stops -- projects having lots of complex legal issues cutting across multiple disciplines including MG Metals , Las Vegas Texaco ( Bridgeline) , posting agreements for Enron Online , East Coast Power , QF restructurings like Motown , Project Summer ( sale of international assets ) and on and on . 7 . Deregulation of Energy Trading -- ENA legal formed an energy coalition and worked through ISDA and our Washington office to pass legislation to significantly reduce CFTC oversight of ENA's trading business . 8 . Management -- built a deal-oriented team that understands the underlying businesses and is working to share the legal technology across Enron .
Thanks so much for your help on the BEARing gifts program ! It is a great cause and your help will make Christmas a lot happier for a lot of kids who really have very difficult lives . Most have never received anything new . Have a great holiday season ! Mark Haedicke
Thanks . Have a great Christmas ! Mark
David: My first choice would be Dec 29 and second , Jan 3 . Let me know , I will need to schedule the time . Regards , Mark
I would try talking to Jenny Rub . She can refer you to the right person . Mark
Yes , through Thursday . Mark
Please make the changes marked by Sager . Mark
I will plan on 10:00 am to noon in your Houston offices on Dec 29 unless I hear otherwise from you . Thanks , Mark
For you to add the wire instructions which are in my out box . Mark
I don't know what subscription she is talking about . Please handle . Mark
I am trying to change my schedule , but so far I have a conflict for the dinner in London . Mark
Please talk to Frank and let me know how we should approach Coralina . Have a happy new year ! Mark
Please review and give me your comments on the attached proposal re adopting a standard from 1 to 10 on legal risk ratings . I am most concerned that the proposal works for our international transactions . Let me know . I would like to roll this out sometime in January . Regards , Mark
Rob , I am still waiting for the first run of the numbers for legal . I will keep you posted . Mark
yes
On the commodity side of our business , there is a long list of lawsuits on commodity prices in CA . This may be a committee discussion item . Mark
The intent is that the higher the rating , the higher the legal risk . I believe the jurisdictional risk is a key factor in creating legal issues even if none exist at the time the deal is done . Does that make sense ? Stuart should be on the LC . Randy is the GC of South America . Mark
Thanks for your comments . I think it would be a good idea to have Jon on as well . I will add Jon and Marcus to the list . Please let them know as appropriate . Regards , Mark Haedicke
Please review and give your thoughts to me and Randy . Mark
Why should we hold them harmless on environmental if they get their money out ? We would only want to provide an ENA indemnity if necessary . I have asked Lisa to look at this . Mark
I think the cut is going to be that a person runs a group . Mark
I agree with your reasoning . Mark
Chris: I would like to be kept up to date on who the potential candidates are . We are planning on inviting Newsome to speak at our ISDA conference in March . Thanks , Mark
Thanks for the update . Good luck in NY . Mark
What would you propose ? I am open to whatever makes sense . Should we ask him to move to Sao Paulo ? Mark
Why wouldn't Dan see Johan's number ? Mark
Thanks for the update . Sounds like things are coming together . Mark
Randy . What do other multinationals operating in Brazil do ? JP Morgan or Citibank ? Mark
Mark: Please handle . Should Greenberg work on this ? Mark
I appreciate you making the trip to Houston . Mark
I never heard of the company . Mark
Please give Christian a call on this and make sure you are satisfied we not taking too great a risk . Mark
Please find attached my draft summary relative to the above contracts . Let me know if you have any corrections . Mark Haedicke
I was convinced otherwise by Randy . You are welcome . Take care . Mark
Mark: I am still coming to London , but for a very short time . I would like to get together either in London on a future trip or in Houston . Regards , Mark Haedicke
Please coordinate with Jane on this . Mark
Jane: I have asked Mark Taylor to coordinate with you on this matter . Regards , Mark
Please send on the Cheryl Nelson . Mark
Thanks for the update . Mark
Elizabeth: Please review this confirm . Mark
Sami: Thanks for the update . Mark
Dan: I would like to understand your business strategy . I am asking my assistant to work out a time . Mark
Elizabeth: Are you ok with it ? Mark
What is the status of your looking at the LNG contract issues ? Mark
Please set the meeting up with Alan , Dan and me . Mark
Great job ! I don't have any changes . Thanks . Mark
Great job ! Thanks . Mark
Dad: The name I have is Dr . Vinberg . He is a therapist in Houston and is in his 80s . I talked to him today and I thought he seemed good . He recommended that we meet for two hours on one day and schedule some time the next day if it is productive . His number is 713-622-1441 . He charges $150 per hour and I will pick that up as you would be incurring expenses to come to Houston . Give him a call and see if he is acceptable to you . If he is , I will propose dates and we can see if they work for everyone . Love , Mark
I have asked Dan Lyons to give you a call on this . Mark
Dan: I think you should add a sentence that you will continue to be directly involved in LNG matters including the contracts for Dabhol and that addtional resources are being developed in London both inside and outside . Mark
Mark: Thanks for the info . I had a great time at the football game ! I think you will like Dubai . It has some great restaurants . Regards , Mark
Jane: Thanks for the update . It is very important for our traders to understand the documentation challenges . Mark
Janette: Please make contact with the gem broker below and set a time where I can meet him and look at some topaz , emeralds and opals . I want to look at loose stones . I may need to talk to him before I go . Mark
Frank: I am not in favor of this promotion . I think in the new environment that it could be negative for him . Let's talk about it . Mark
Alan: This makes sense to me . Please get with John or send your e-mail to him and see if this matter can be resolved quickly . Mark
J: yes . Mark
Janette: Schedule some time for me to go to this gallery . Maybe early Wednesday afternoon . Mark
Thanks . I want to go to the gallery . Mark
Bryan: Bob's number is 212-332-2554 . Let me know your impressions after the meeting . Mark
The agenda of the ISDA conference that Greg is the keynote speaker at is attached . Mark
Travis
I would love to do that but I have a commitment on Saturday night in Houston . Thanks for looking into it for me . Next time . See you next week . Mark
Matt: Congratulations on your wedding plans ! I am sorry I cannot make it ! Mark
Does it still make sense to have these meetings anymore ? Maybe just sit in on Novak's meeting . Mark Haedicke
Hopefully when we recruit for other areas , like LNG and the like , we will pick up a lawyer with some shipping experience . It seems like overkill to recruit just for shipping . Regards , Mark Haedicke
I am not sure why that is . Non-trading work is off a little so maybe that is it . Be sure to touch base with Lance Schuler about the work he sees coming up . I am happy to talk about it . Mark
Please keep Lance Schuler and me up to speed on these issues . Thanks . Mark
Thanks . I put the risk at a 2 . Mark
Yes , send a resume to Julia Murray . Mark
Wow ! Things can change quickly . Thanks . Mark
I am available as a last resort . I have asked Alan Aronowitz who is the GC of Enron Global Markets to make a presentation . I will let you know . Mark
Thanks for pointing that out . Mark
Congratulations ! Mark Haedicke
J: include this org chart with the memo . Mark
Let's send it out today . Mark
Rob: How can we get some relief on this issue ? Should we set up a call with Peter and me ? There really is an earnings impact . Let me know . Regards , Mark Haedicke
It's ok with me . Mark
No need to do a risk memo if the legal risk rating would be a 1 . Is that what this one would be ? Mark
The report is well done . For my purposes it could be much shorter -- really in a bullet list format . Thanks . Mark
John: What is the status on this ? I now have Eddie Daniels dedicated full time to Cuiba . Hopefully that will help you some . Regards , Mark
Rex: We are trying to make this as limited as possible . Can you define specifically what requires an exception ? I am the signoff for the wholesale group , but it makes sense to be consistent across Enron . Regards , Mark
Rob: Thanks . I will ask Janette to set up a call for you , me and Peter on the guarantees . Mark
I am happy to meet with them . We will want them to meet Jim Derrick as well . Mark
Yes . They are a great company to get in ISDA . Mark
No problem . Mark
Sylvia: I think there should be a cost center for each of ENA , EGM , EIM , ESA and EGA , which tracks the org chart of people reporting directly to me . Deb Korkmas can help you with the proper account numbers . Mark
found it . Mark
I am taking steps to retain the lawyers we have and supplement with more Brazilian lawyers and lawyers in Houston . Big challenge to get all the work done . Mark
Yes , I will go to this dinner . I do need to leave on Tuesday at about 1:00 pm . Mark
Yes , for the time being until we get someone in Alan's group . Mark
How did it turn out with Francisco ? Mark
Jim: Here is the background of the "dispute" with Blakes . There is a lot of emotion on both sides . I believe we need Blakes on a going forward basis in Canada . Mark Haedicke
I think it is a good opportunity to promote standardized contracts . Mark
Bob: The person to ask would be Mark Evans in London . Let's get together for lunch sometime when you are in Houston . Mark
Ruth: The press release looks fine . Mark
Ann K is working on this now . Thanks . Mark
I am willing to do this on the 20th , but only for one hour maximum . See if Jim has any interest and then get back to Peter . Mark
please set up . Mark
Chris: Thanks for the message . I appreciate the feedback . I know she has been working particularly hard lately ! We are working to add resources , but that is not easy . Thanks for your support . Mark
I am confused by this . Does this mean Cuiaba in South America would be covered ? What is the significance if it is ? Mark
Does Matt have time to do all the LNG work ? My guess is that he may have the time . Mark
Thanks for raising the issue . Keep me posted ! Mark
Do you have any comments on this contract ? Please let me and Chris know . Mark
Mark: I would like to get together at the AGM . I will ask my assistant to work on a time would could meet and propose that to you . Hope things are going well . Mark Haedicke
Thanks . Please don't hold up the meeting for me but if possible I will attend . Mark
Peter: As we have discussed , I think we probably need someone other than Dan . I don't think there is any need to lay everything out on use of lawyers in Canada . I agree with your comments on the business model for lawyers . We can't ignore that . Let's generally talk that through with Jim . Regards , Mark
Greg: Thanks . Was a dash done on this ? Mark
Shouldn't you and Rick do that together so as not to have confusion . Mark
Thanks .
Approved for Janette Elbertson to go to Outlook 1082 on 3/29/01 from 1-2 p.m .
I would think the change in the business direction requires a different skiset . Is that an appropriate response ? cc: Subject: FW: The power of why John and Mark -- Your thoughts ?
I am ok with it for the spot deals . Mark
Please schedule lunch in late April . Mark
Tim: Thanks ! I am working on getting Steve even more locked up . Mark
John: I gave you a rewrite of Redman's list and the percentages . I will send it again in case it got lost . Mark
Yes , thanks . Mark
Let's catch up when you get back to Houston . We can go to lunch or set up time to meet in the office . Mark
Put this meeting on my schedule . Mark
I don't have a problem with it , subject to our normal litigation exception . Mark
Not much should overlap with our agenda . Thanks . Mark
It may be too late now , but I would like to meet with them . Mark
Eddy: Let's get together and go over the agenda before the meeting . Thanks . Mark
Great news ! Thanks . Mark
Eddy: Please call into this meeting to see if it is worth while for us . Ma|
FYI: Consider the agenda below and how we can get ISDA to help us in Brazil . Mark
Please put on my schedule . Mark
Put this on my schedule for tomorrow . Mark
Thanks for the ideas ! Mark
Bob: I am going to pass on the playoff tickets . Thanks . Mark
I am ok with your slate , but need some Houston people on board as well . I think we can shorten the Houston list by taking me off since John Novak will be on the board . I leave it to Bruce to see if it makes sense to shorten the list further . Mark
Let me know if anyone in your group is interested . Mark
I think New York is a fair compromise , for North American transactions . Litigating in London is very expensive so I think that is not a good alternative . Mark
It looks great . Mark
Your comments
Over the past several months , we have reviewed in detail our trading contracts and the companies through which we conduct our trading business in California . In order to reduce Enron's non-market risks (  e.g . legal , credit and regulatory ) in the volatile commodity markets in California or any " future California" , we propose the following changes: 1 . Mandatory Uniform Set-Off Provisions in All Trading Contracts for All Commodities -- set-off language varies commodity by commodity in trading contracts . Set-off is one of the most critical tools available to Enron in a major default situation and it is critical to have set-off language and to have it be uniform commodity to commodity so that Enron can get the best advantage from set-off and not just the least common denominator . 2 . Master Netting Agreements For Appropriate Counterparties With Multiple Masters With Significant Opposite Exposures -- where it is necessary to have multiple masters with a counterparty , a "bridge" should be put in place between the masters whenever there is significant opposite exposures under the two or more masters . 3 . Merge EPMI into ENA -- power trades are done through EPMI . Merging EPMI into ENA and conducting power trades through ENA is much more efficient from both a credit and legal point of view . 4 . No Automatic Termination for a Bankruptcy Event -- in the PGE/SCE situation , it should be the non-defaulting party's ( Enron in this case ) option to terminate rather than an automatic termination on "inability to pay debts as they become due" . Let me know if you have any other proposed changes to our trading contracts or entities through which we conduct our trading . I believe these changes will ( i ) improve efficiency , ( ii ) reduce risks , ( iii ) develop the opportunity to do more business with certain counterparties and ( iv ) substantially improve Enron's position in the next California type market . The long range goal is to conduct as much as possible of the trading business through a single entity and a single or limited number of standardized agreements .
Louise: Is Enron ready for this ? I think it is a good suggestion for the most significant deals . It is really positive in that it would force dealmakers to pay more attention to what the contracts provide . I am not sure it makes sense to follow this procedure for every deal that is dashed . Let's talk about what are the objectives . Great question ! Mark
Add my name as a person to contact . Mark
No problema .
Print out ? Mark
You should continue to sign the dashes and just alert me to any matter going to Frevert or Whalley . Thanks . Mark
Yes .
John: Keep me posted on this matter . Thanks . Mark
J: please put this on my calender tomorrow . Mark
Yes .
Please send out the attached memo that Julia prepared . Mark
Go State !
I will pass on it . Thanks . Mark call janette . Mark
Sorry . My schedule does not permit that change . Mark
This is way too much of a commercial ! Two thirds of it speaks only to Kiodex . Tell him that at least one-half should not be a commercial . He said he was going to discuss new commodities and slant his presentation torward new commodities . He needs to do more . Mark
Greg Piper raised the following questions: Is ENW a marketing affiliate ? Is EOL a marketing affiliate ? Sally Beck's organization ? Can Beck's organization process transactions for CMS pipelines ? Could Sally use ETS resources to do processing for CMS ? Greg is looking for some guidance by Tuesday . Let's discuss . Mark
Sound like California . I noticed that the UK power book is doing well too . Regards , Mark
J: Please print these out for me and put in my packet for the trip . Mark
J: Please save an electronic copy of this presentation in case I want to use any of the slides in the future . Mark
Bob: What is the view in general re arbitration of Brazilian companies ? Should we expect many objections to our new policy ? Don't get many objections in the US . Mark
Please get this to Mark Frevert . Mark
I think Avista should be primary . I don't know Kangqi . Mark
It is a mistake . Mark
Add Alan Aronowitz , John Novak and Mark Taylor . Mark Rebecca Carter@ENRON Sent by: Kelly Johnson@ENRON Please respond to kelly.johnson
please schedule
please track this down
Great job ! Mark cc: Subject: RE: Hainan Good news is hard to come by these days in the Enron emerging market world so I thought that I would pass this along . We still need to work on repatriation/conversion issues to get our money oubut at least it sits safely in an Enron account in the meantime . Bill Krenz worked very hard on this matter under trying circumstances . Thehead of the HEPCO negotiating team through a cup at our business guy , DonBunnell , and shattered a tea pot . Shards from the pot hit Don in the faceand he had to be hospitalized . He is apparently fine now . Bruce
Let's schedule a meeting for Mark Taylor , you and me with the consultant who we already had conversations with . We can formulate our response . Mark
What is the answer on this ? Mark
add to my schedule . M
Jeff: Let's talk about this and how to start handling Don Black's legal work . Mark
Janette: put on my schedule . Mark
Great job ! Mark
Sami: What is the net net of the new policy ?
Please handle . I think you should send an email to the OGC and ask if they are aware of any such contracts . Mark
How would we do this efficiently in EWS ? Mark
Please set a meeting to talk through this contract with Sami . Mark
I agree with your proposal . Please communicate with Mark Holsworth . Mark
Congrats on another one done ! Mark
Mark Evans and Paul Simons are the two key persons in London . Mark Haedicke
David: It was good to see you also . I am only available on the 14th . I would like you to come to Enron and talk about the audit and certain key provisions in the trading agreements with the top trading lawyers . Give Mark Taylor a call at 713-853-7459; he is GC of the financial trading . Regards , Mark
Does this change in treatment of financial trading open up significantly more trading opportunities for Enron ? Mark
Please schedule . Mark
Mark: I would suggest we add netting . Will you talk to Carol and see if she is interested . Let me know . Mark Haedicke
Per your request . Mark
Jim: Good question . With all that is going on the answer is yes I think . Mark
Have him contact Joe Gold in London at 011-44-207-783-6768 who is the head trader in Europe . Mark
Orlando; I am ok with the your suggestion . Hope you are doing well . Mark
Please provide me your comments on the following outline: Trading Contracts for Global Commodity Markets 1 . Evolution of Trading Contracts Since 1990 2 . Trading in 2001: Living with Multiple Master Agreements a . North America b . Europe c . other 3 . Globalization of Commodity Trading 4 . Lessons from the California Crisis 5 . Deregulation Marches Forward 6 . The Vision a . single global master for physical and financial trading b . use master netting agreements in transition phase c . focus on confirmations and schedules for new products
Do the firms described below by Sheila come within the scope ? Mark
Looks like a good candidate . I am around all next week . Regards , Mark
I am ok listing you . Mark
Alan: Could you please respond to the following request . Thanks . Mark
Lisa: It looks fine . Please send out from you and me . Thanks . Mark
Yes , I would be happy to . Mark Haedicke
Sheila , I need a status report on their contracts as well . Please change Hodge to 175 , Aronowitz to 190 and Taylor to 190 . Mark
yes .
Thanks for the speech . Hope to see you at the law conference . Mark
J: please add . Mark
Look forward to it . 11:45 is good . Mark
MD and GC of Enron Wholesale Services . Mark
It will be dashed so I would like a brief risk memo . Mark
Agreed . Mark
No
Mary: I would like to discuss seminars in Europe to further promote the isda form among energy companies on the continent . Please give me a ring at your convenience . Regards , Mark
Thanks for the resume . Mark
Please set up 15 minutes . Mark
Sorry I missed you . Please call and ask to interrupt me . Thanks . Mark
Steve and Peter: From a control point of view , we should have at least one director based in Houston . Does that present any significant tax risk ? Let us know . Mark Haedicke
no changes . Mark
Is signing a unanimous consent in Houston an issue ? Mark
I rate her a 2 .
I will be in San Antonio , but available by phone . Mark
Please put on my schedule . Mark
It looks a good deal to me . Mark cc: Rob Milnthorp/CAL/ECT@ECT , Sharon Crawford/CAL/ECT@ECT Subject: NGX Final Settlement SOLICITOR/CLIENT PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION John and Mark , we have finalized our negotiations with NGX and have receivefrom them final executed paper for our execution . All of them ( NGX , OM , Enerdata and Zarzeczny ) have agreed ( with the exception of Westcoast , who inot really relevant and who sold out their position in NGX to OM after commencement of the litigation) . By its terms , we have until Friday to confirm our agreement . The key termsare: 1 . EOL third-party transaction data will be included in the index on a real-time basis; 2 . Other electronic trading systems may have their data included in the index if they meet the criteria for inclusion ( similar product , audit rights ) ( i.we deleted the "most favour nations" requirement for inclusion of other systems not being on more favourable terms); 3 . Enron pays a one-time C$25,000 set-up fee; 4 . Enron pays an index management fee of C$5,000 per month , unless Enron trades at least 50,000 TJ,s per month on NGX; 6 . Enron pays normal NGX trading fees; 7 . Enron pays no audit fees or other fees or costs; 8 . Lawsuit is released with everybody bearing their own costs; 9 . Enron agrees to confidential audit rights to independent auditor )  but no customer information is provided to NGX; 10 . No non-compete . Enron is expressly allowed to: ( a ) develop , establish , publish or promote any alternative or competing index: ( b ) post , settle against , or use in any transaction , any alternative or competing index; ( c ) provide information to Gas Daily and Inside FERC , etc; ( d ) display any transactional information on EOL; 11 . Term is 3 years , commencing after information transfer systems are inplace , but not later than Dec . 31 ( failing which lawsuit is revived , but against NGX only); 12 . Enron can terminate at any time on 60 days notice ( but lawsuit is released); 13 . Enron can terminate at any time for NGX breach ( lawsuit is revived , butagainst NGX only); 14 . NGX can change its products and Enron has the option to change and beincluded or not to change; 15 . The method for calculating and compiling the index cannot be changed inthe future without our approval , and the agreements between NGX and Enerdata which give NGX the rights to the index cannot be amended or terminated without our consent; 16 . Deal is subject to ENA senior management approval by Friday; and 17 . The above has been approved and executed by NGX , OM , Enerdata and This has been a tremendous amount of work with little involvement by outsidcounsel . Both Rob and I believe it is an excellent deal for Enron given thfact that pursuing the lawsuit will be extremely costly ( both in terms ofexpenses and the time and effort of dedicating resources to the litigation)and difficult to litigate . The deal really amounts to an option to Enron thave its EOL data included in the index for C$25,000 and releasing the lawsuit . Please let me know by Friday if we want to execute . Regards , Peter .
I will be out of town that day . Maybe the next one . Mark
No problem with the no litigation exception . Mark
Let's have Lance attend . Mark
Next week , I will be in only on Monday . I want Lance to sign dash if it comes later in the week . Mark
Here are my thoughts so far: 1 . Initial Legal Team -- Jeff Hodge , Jim Keller , Carol St . Clair , Aaron 2 . Spot Check the Forms -- over the next week 3 . Conform Forms to ENA Forms -- over next two months 4 . Develop Form Approval Process -- dual approvals by EES and ENA 5 . Develop Deal Approval Process -- deals above a certain size ( or material variations from the form ) would require concurrent EWS approval 6 . Request List of Major Contract Concerns from Traders -- items that cannot be hedged
FYI
I think we will need to do something for Peter . I would be interested in HRs view on how much . Mark
The lawyers had a kick-off meeting today . Vicki and I echoed your point on not shutting down the business . We have a great team assembled and I think it will calm down the traders in EWS . I will keep you posted . Mark Haedicke
Not clear at this point . No deals have been done . My guess is that it will be Lance and his group . I will let you know when it gets sorted out . Mark
Please review and set up a meeting with me to establish a plan for this committee . Mark
Stacy and Ruth: I propose the following agenda for the NA energy committee: 1 . convergence of commodity forms -- need to build a team to pursue this 2 . California energy issues/solutions 3 . standardized provisions for master energy contracts -- setoff , netting , termination , etc . 4 . bankruptcy 5 . CFTC study of retail derivatives 6 . emerging market forms for paper , steel , etc . Mark Taylor will send a list of proposed topics for the European conference . Let me know what you think . Regards , Mark Haedicke
I am ok with it . Mark Haedicke
please handle . Mark
Why don't you sign the opinion . Let's get together later in the week . I have some ideas to pitch to you . Mark
Looks great ! Change the company to Enron Wholesale Services and send it out . Mark
Please set a meeting for Mark Taylor and me wih ISDA . Mark
I need at least 5 years of experience . Mark
That makes sense . Thanks . Mark
Great questions ! It is fine with me if you would like to distribute them . I may cover some in the floor talk . Thanks for the help . Mark
I want to be involved as we are in the process of signing up employment contracts with Sami Arap , Louise Wantanabe and Vicki Martinez . John Novak and I need to approve all the changes . Thanks . Mark
Enron has complained about the quality of the information given to Inside FERC . It is my understanding that requesting the counterparty data is a due diligence step that the trades really happened and that Inside FERC keeps the name of the counterparty confidential . We want the data to be as good as possible . If my assumptions are correct , I come out -- give the name of the counterparty with stated limitations . Jeff Hodge , please let me know if my assumptions are correct in the US .
Glad to have you as an employee of Enron ! Mark
Delayed . I prepared an outline but have made no progress beyond that . Nothing will be available this summer . Regards , Mark
Looks ok to me . Mark
We need to address both issues unless there is some compelling reason not to . Mark
Best wishes at AEP ! Mark
The right person is Sami Arap in Sao Paulo . Mark Haedicke
Mark: It looks like Paul Simons got a copy of this e-mail . Let me know if it is useful to work with ISDA on any of these matters . Mark Haedicke
Put this as tentative on my schedule . Mark
Great ! John L said he was going to leave legal to us . So please take the lead in proposing changes for the legal team and propose the changes to me so we can get it done . Regards , Mark
I loved it ! Mark
I am willing to wear the risk . Remember , my $100 . Mark
Are these correct ? Please let John know . Mark
Type:Single Meeting Time Zone:Central Time ( US & Canada )
I am fine with the agenda except that I will have E . Sager talk about the trading forms . Mark
Elizabeth: Does the RTO order require a task force to draft new language ? Let me know . Mark
Please join me for a baseball game . The Astros are playing the NY Mets on Wednesday , August , 1 . The game starts at 7:05 p.m . Please RSVP to Janette by e-mail to let her know if you will be able to attend . ( Unfortunately due to the limited number of seats available in a suite , we were not able to extend this invitation to your spouse or significant other. ) Hope to see you there !
My accomplishments for the first six months of 2001 include the following: 1 . Developed New EES Trading Forms -- provided key legal technology and intellectual capital to rewrite EES forms to be largely consistent with the wholesale trading forms . 2 . Developed Setoff and Netting Strategy in the PG&E Bankruptcy -- led legal and credit team across all Enron entities in minimizing Enron credit and legal risks . This required an expedited evaluation of Enron positions and coordination across Enron entities to determine the best possible approach to terminate and then value all PG&E contracts . 3 . Implemented New Document Retention Policy for Microsoft Outlook -- led the resolution of many critical document retention policy issues and implementation of a new policy across company lines in Enron . 4 . Thought Leader on Legal Risk Managment -- continued to develop legal technology for better management and reporting of legal risks across Enron . Legal Risk Memos and legal risk ratings are two examples . These legal risk policies have been newly applied in South America and EES to better evaluate and manage the legal risks in those businesses . 5 . Developing New Businesses -- integral part in developing new businesses in freight , paper , steel , lumber , etc . by preparing trading forms and formulating new ways to manage legal risks . 6 . Deal Machine -- projects having lots of complex issues including LV Cogen II , Pastoria , Sithe , Invasion Energy , Electrobolt and Huntco . 7 . Management -- continued to build a deal-oriented legal team that understand the underlying businesses . 8 . New Generation of Master Agreeements -- taking the lead with ISDA in developing the next generation of trading master which would be a single master for all commodities , whether physical or financial . This would reduce the legal work by half .
Type:Single Meeting Time Zone:Central Time ( US & Canada )
I think it is something we watch closely as you suggest . Mark
Travis and I will cover the suggested topics . Mark
I am ok as long as you and Alan are ok . Mark
Thanks . I will try ! Mark
Thanks Paul . Mark
Sami , by copy hereof , I have asked Jeff Hodge to look into this matter . He is at 36911 . Mark
Thanks for the message . I would e-mail Alan Aronowitz . Regards , Mark
FYI , Mark
Don , we are looking into this . I wonder how traders operate in LA . Mark
Let's discuss . Mark
Yes , so long as they are employees and not on contract . Move them to Lance Schuler's group . Mark
Richard is looking into whether we can tape in Houston or Portland and have a CA person on the line . Mark
I have a few thoughts on the offsite . I think we could have a theme of restructuring and change . We would have to make sure it is forward looking and upbeat in that we have learned a lot that will make us better in the future . The presentations could include the following: 1 . What we learned in CA -- Sager 2 . Preparing for workouts -- Mellencamp 3 . Lessons learned in international -- Lundstrom 4 . Deregulation of energy markets -- Kean/Shapiro 5 . Managing Legal Risks -- Haedicke 7 . Europe presentation 8 . Retail presentation
Looks fine to me . Thanks . Mark
Mark and John: The Wholesale legal conference is coming up soon . I wanted to get a head count and the names of the attendees from each of you . For planning purposes , I have assumed 5 lawyers from each of your groups . Let me know . Also , are there any European or South American topics you would suggest we cover ? So far , we have Whalley and Frevert signed up to give us a business update . Regards , Mark
John , thanks for the message . I think , I would like to plan a trip and discuss the issues in person at GE . Early October would work for me . Regards , Mark Haedicke
We had a great time and got home without a hitch ! Thanks ! Mark
put on my schedule . Mark
Stacy: I would like to know who on the committee is willing to spend time and resources on what issues . I think that is critical . Thanks . Mark
Thanks , I will send a copy to Alan in EGM . Mark
Per our conversation yesterday , I propose we send out the following memo: In order to better coordinate the various west coast power matters , effective immediately , Jim Steffes and Richard Sanders will jointly take the lead role . Jim and Richard will be responsible for preparing a comphrehensive strategy for all the matters , reviewing the strategy with the California Committee and seeking approval of the California Committee before taking any material action . Please do all you can to assist Jim and Richard on the west coast power matters . I would copy only the people working on these matters including Steffes , Sanders , Belden , Mellencamp , Shapiro , Sharp , Williams , Tribolet , Lavorato and Delainey .
Steve: Per our conversation , I would like to talk about "Managing Legal Risks" . I think it would follow the RAC presentation . I want to talk through the system of legal risk memos and legal risk ratings we have used on wholesale deals for two years with great success . There is a very important risk control aspect to legal that needs to be highlighted . Let me know if you need more information . Regards , Mark
Just do the best you can . We will probably end up moving it to a different day . Mark
Yes . They are fine . Mark
Thanks for the kind words . Mark
I am working on it . Mark
I want to go through a list of each counterparty we think is going to go into bankruptcy and what we are doing to prepare for that . Thanks . Mark
I agree . Mark
Mary: The company seems to have a bad reputation . I don't know if Marc Rich owns any portion of it or not because it is private . I think , the UK started some investigations re Glencore over the past couple of years . I am not sure we want the company as part of ISDA . I am sure others will have an opinion on that . Mark
Thanks Rob . Mark
Have we put the updated netting language in the contract ? Would it ever come into play ? Regards , Mark
Peter: This is a tough battle . It may be worse because your clients are either the same ones or geographically very close . I would try to address it by pointing out the limitations of the simplier forms and as a fallback emphasize the increased risk ( legal and otherwise ) when using the shorter forms . Mark
J , please get this message ready to send from me to the Specialists . Mark
I have asked J to send it out . Mark
I will be attending . Mark Haedicke
Andy: Can you look into this while Richard is out of the office .
Thanks for the message . Mark
Greg: It has been 120 days for voice mail that is not deleted . It should be further reduced to 7 days . Mark Haedicke
Thanks ! Yes , please keep me off the Section 16 list ! Mark
Calpine in ok . Mark
Dave , in the Dunn Committee case , we just got a great order in our favor out of the courts . We need to try to leverage off this order to slow down the AG . Mark
That sounds positive . Mark
J: Please forward this on to the Enron employees that plan events . Shira is a family friend and I would recommend her . Also give me a status report . Mark
I am stuck in London -- hope to get out Sunday . Nice to hear from you . Mark
I am stuck in London . I will attend either in person or by video from our London office . Mark Haedicke
Thanks . Let's get together after the end of the quarter and discuss . Mark
J: Please add this to our spiral bound book . Mark
Yes . I was very lucky to get back Saturday ! Mark
That makes sense . How do we notify our trading counterparties ? Mark
Not necessary . Thanks . Mark
Scott Tholan . Regards , Mark
I will call . Thanks . M
Rob: Congratulations ! We will need to talk about some additional coordination . Let me know when is convenient for you . Mark
I am ok so long as the firm would never pursue litigation against Enron -- on that basis I would grant the waiver . Mark
Congrats ! Thanks for your help . Mark
Rosalee: Mark Taylor and I can get this done through Enron Net Works . Thanks . Mark Haedicke
Thanks Derek . Mark
Thanks for inviting me . I unfortunately will not be able to attend . Regards , Mark Haedicke
I am doing well ! I look forward to catching up . I do plan to play golf so it would be great to play together . Regards , Mark
I am disappointed on the timing but I understand . Thanks . Mark
Liz: Greg is scheduled to speak on Friday , October 12 at 8:30 am for 30-45 minutes . No slides are necessary . The lawyers will be interested in where Greg sees the growth in the company and where the business is strong . There will be Q&A and I think he will get some good questions . Some possible questions: What does Greg expect from the legal department ? How will the attacks impact on our business ? What will be his focus in his new job ? It should be a very friendly crowd -- since Greg knows most of the lawyers and they know him . I miss you too ! Mark Haedicke
Look forward to the discussion . Mark
It looks like a great program . Mark
Mark , Justin , Paul: Do you have any comments on the agenda ? Let me know and I will forward them on . Mark
There are some more developments re Bob that we should talk about . Mark
It can wait his return . Please ask him if he is available to speak on Dec 4 at the conference . Mark
I don't know of any now . Mark
Thanks for the offer . I cannot use them either . Mark
Very impressive . Mark
I would love to , but I cannot . Thanks for the offer . You should be getting a call today from one of our lawyers re a potential deal . Take care . Mark
Dear John: I am proud of MSU and would like to help . I will ask my assistant to set up a time for us to talk through your questions over the next week . Regards , Mark Haedicke
Louise: I talked to Jim and we have worked through a revised strategy as we talked about yesterday . So no call from Jim . Mark
John: Should we get you , Scott and me ( and Teresa Bushman ) together to flesh out the deal further for the term sheet ? Teresa and I have worked on a term sheet but it is pretty bare bones so far ? Mark
[Haedicke , Mark E.] J ,  please arrange for a meeting . It is ok for it to be lunch . Mark
Thanks , I will have my assistant call to set a date and time . Mark
I will be on the telephone on this one because of a management meeting the same day . Mark
Lisa: What is the quality of our contracts and do we hold any collateral ? Any particular legal issues at this point ? Will we have to get quotes ? Mark
Yes . Thanks!! ! Mark
Sounds like a great result ! Congratulations . Mark
Looks good to me . Mark
no problem
morale , deal flow , how the open plan is working
Should we try Akin Gump ? What is your recommendation off the list ? Mark
Thanks for the offer , but otherwise occupied . Regards , Mark
Did we talk about the cap on breakage fee ? Mark Haedicke
Where did we come out on a cap on breakage fee ? Mark Haedicke
Mark Haedicke
Is there anything I need to work on tonight ? What is the schedule tonight ? Mark
John: There is a conflict of interest in Thompson having all the info and selling to a group formed by him and other employees . We need to talk this through . Maybe , he should take a leave of absence . Should Jesus negotiate the deal for ENA ? Selling to employees is sensitive now . Mark
Please handle . Mark0 Mark Haedicke
We will get you a summary soon . Mark Mark Haedicke
Clem: Thanks for raising that question because it is very important that we are coordinated . I have forwarded this question on to Jordan and I think he and I need to work together on this matter . Perhaps the three of us should get on the telephone to resolve . Mark
Coordination is a major problem at Enron . You are asking all the right questions . Mark
Sami: Please set some time on my schedule tomorrow to talk this through . Mark
I think it wii be about 7 or 8 ? Dad Mark Haedicke
Justin , I do not think I am going to nyc . Love Dad Mark Haedicke
Good luck . I will email you later . Dad Mark Haedicke
I need to talk through our cash position for tomorrow at with our contingency team . I would like to do it today at 4:30 pm central time . Mark Haedicke
Jim: I want to put Aronowitz for ENA as well as EGM . He will get an assist from Sager but he will lead . Mark
Who rejected your plan ? The view I heard is that the proposal was too rich . Are you looking for a counterproposal ? Mark
Jim: The last sentence was changed to "we expect you to perform" . Mark
I would love to visit with you about a rotation . I plan on being on vacation next week , but I will be working between Christmas and New Years . What are your plans ? With a PRC tomorrow ( Tuesday , December 14 ) and the crunch of finishing a number of items before I go on vacation , it may be tough to get together this week . So get back to me with your schedule . Thanks . --Sally
Please give Gretel a final list of dates that you plan to be out of the office from December 20 through the end of the year . For the dates that you will be out , please provide the name and number of the key contact person in your group that will be in the office on the days that you are out . As I have in past years , I will compile a list of key contacts through the holiday period that we can use internally within Energy Operations . I will also provide this list to others outside Energy Operations who may needa contact list during this time period . Please get this info to Gretel by Wednesday at noon , so that I have time to finalize the contact list before I am out on vacation . FYI: I plan to be out of the office the week of December 20 . I will be at home during that week and can be reached there if necessary . I will be back in the office on Monday , December 27 and I will be working through the end of the year .
Thanks for the contact names . You are right - no staff meeting on Monday , Deceber 20 . Have a merry Christmas ! --Sally
Please schedule a meeting for me with Jim Cole for the week after Christmas . Thanks .
Yes . I would handle this through expense reimbursement . From: Sheila Glover 12/15/99 04:19 PM
Thanks for the invitation . Unfortunately , I will be on vacation next week and will not be able to attend . Have fun ! --Sally
I will attend the Houston Chapter GBN Winter Reception on Thursday , January
FYI: Effective today , the schedulers for HPL have relocated from the 42nd floor to the 30th floor . This team reports to my direct report , Brenda Herod , who is the Business Controller for the Asset Group and Texas trading region . They are on the west side of the building , just outside my office . While room for this scheduling team was not available on the 31st floor , this move was made to improve communications with the Texas desk traders . By being within the same elevator bank , we can now employ "squawk" boxes between the traders and this scheduling team . As we look at space usage on the 32nd floor , this team should be included in space requirements . We are working with Liz Taylor on those requirements .
Approved . Pls Process . Thanks . Sally Beck
We are working very diligently to accommodate the need for space on the 30th floor . Unfortunately , we are not able to do any major construction to densify the floor during the next several months while Enron Property Services is completing the build-out of levels 29 , 31 and 32 . In the mean time , we are going to build out the window spaces on 30 to increase the capacity on the floor . While these locations are not prime spots , people will need to occupy them as our business continues to grow . Once the window seats have been constructed ( estimated to be 2-3 weeks) , we will realign groups on the floor and people will need to move once again . I am requesting your cooperation and patience to work with Lisa Cousino while she works with space planners to coordinate the location of Energy Operations personnel on the newly-constructed Commercial floors . Susan Harrison is working with Lisa to manage the space planning on 30 during this transition period . Chantelle Villanueva will be coordinating all moves of people and equipment on the 30th floor . If there are any problems once a move has occurred ( i.e. , missing or non-working phones , boxes , computer equipment , printers , etc.) , please contact Chantelle at Ext . 3-6279 as she will also coordinate the follow-up on all move-related items . If Chantelle is not available , Maria Sandoval will be her backup . Maria can be reached at Ext . I would also appreciate your help in cleaning up the floor , including the window spaces . We can no longer maintain unnecessary boxes , paper and supplies on the floor . Please coordinate with your assistant to have your area cleaned up by December 31 . During this clean-up process , if you have any documents that need to be filed and/or archived , please contact Carolyn Gilley in the Information and Records Management group at Ext . 3-5237 and she will make arrangements to pick up the information from the 30th floor . Thank you in advance for your understanding and cooperation in maintaining a neat and professional work environment . Between now and the summer of 2001 when we will relocate to the new building , please keep in mind that we are all working in a temporary and makeshift environment . I would greatly appreciate your patience and good humor as we struggle to use the available space effectively . If I have missed anyone on the distribution list that has just recently moved to the 3oth floor , please forward this message to them .
Thanks for the Pappa's gift certicate . For a woman who can't remember the last time that she cooked dinner , this will come in very handy ! Thanks , too , for the beautiful flower arrangement that has graced my desk for the past two days . I will take that home with me tonight and I will enjoy it during my upcoming days off . I hope that the Christmas holiday brings each of you the joy of the season -- and some rest , relaxation and time with family and friends . Thanks for your enthusiasm in your role at Enron and for your continuing and tireless effort . It is through working with each one of you that I find my job to be fun . 1999 was a year of outstanding accomplishments for Energy Operations - a direct result of your contributions . I look forward to meeting new challenges in 2000 through continuing to work together .
This is what we sent to A/P . Let me know if we need to resend . Thx . G .
What is the latest on this ?
I hope that the two of you received a copy of this . Although Jennifer;s message doesn't mention it , I assume also that she reviewed the findings with you .
Did you get a copy of this ? It looks as if in September that our intercompany balances were relatively low ( EES and ENA) , with an increase iOctober with Enron Europe . Do you have details behind this ? Are EES balances gas only , or gas and power ? How do we have imbalances with ourselves ? What kind of reporting do you get from financial ops on a regulbasis that gives you the details behind this ? I am assuming that these imbalances are created from commodity transactions , so that we would reallybe closer to the details than would financial ops . Is that a good assumption ? --Sally
Whom would you recommend play this role for Energy Operations ? Let me know your thoughts . --Sally
Cindy: My schedule was so hectic before going out on vacation on December 17 that I am only now reading your message regarding a business owner sign-off for Unify/SAP integration . I have asked Stephen Schwarz to give me his recommendation on the most appropriate person to do so . I think that is a good idea . As soon as schedules normalized following the holidays , I will be back to you with a name .
I am not especially surprised that you and Kristin did not get a copy of this report . My "assumption" in my message was wishful thinking and not conviction that the sign-off meeting between you and AA had occurred .
Approved . Pls . process . Thx . Sally Beck
FYI -- As a result of a discussion that I had earlier in the week with
I know that over the past few weeks you have been handling your daily responsibilities and working on the transition of business from our aquisition of CES's wholesale business . I realize that balancing all of this has been demanding , especially with the holidays , bid week and other end of year actitivies . Thank you for the extra effort that you have given to effectively absorb the CES book of business . It is noticed and appreciated . As we look forward to the new year , I thank you for your accomplishments and contributions in 1999 . It was a challenging and rewarding year for ENA and Energy Operations . I hope that each one of you enjoys the New Year's celebration . I look forward to all that will be accomplished by working together in 2000 .
I wanted to extend my thanks in advance to all of you who will join me in the office on January 1 , 2000 . I appreciate your willingness to devote part of your holiday weekend to the continuing success story at Enron . As a company , Enron has spent much time and effort to ensure that business will continue smoothly as we move into the year 2000 . Ken Walther , in working with many of you , has done an excellent job of preparing a work plan for January 1 . Your work on the first will be the final step in this process . Your efforts that day will allow all ENA employees to return to the office on January 4th with confidence in our ability to continue business as usual . I wish each one of you a happy new year . I continually feel privileged to work with this dedicated and talented group of employees . I look forward to all that we will accomplish in 2000 .
We are wrapping up several hours in the office and have tested all commodities front to back . We found a few minor issues , primarily reports with report dates that were incorrect . The content and underlying calculations in the reports were correct . These were really just query and formatting issues . All were quick fixes of five minutes or less . So at this point we feel confident about our system situation . More will unfold with counterparties next week , but hopefully all found this as uneventful as have we . Hope your new year's celebration was fun . We saw pictures of the London festivies on TV as we were cooking our New Year's eve dinner last night at home . See you soon .
I am resending the original message that I sent to Kevin regarding Rick Causey's memo . Please refer him to the second point in my e:mail , as well as the attachment . Thanks .
Does the info as provided from HR indicate MBA's from UT ? I know that Enron probably has a number of undergrads from UT . At this point , I am specifically interested in UT MBA's , as it is the Houston Chapter of UT's Graduate Business Network for which I will now serve on the steering committee . Thanks ! --Sally
Reference for future months .
These dates look fine -- I hope that you have something fun planned ! The only slight glitch is that I will receive the bonus sheets on Monday , January 10 and that our turn around time is one day . If it is convenient for you we can talk by phone on Monday night to review bonuses for your group or we can plan on meeting first thing on Tuesday , the 11th . I do not yet know at what time on Tuesday we will have to have final changes made . --Sally
Thanks for being so prompt .
The address list on the memo below contains the names of all ENA Energy Operations employees who worked in the offices in Houston , Denver and Calgary on January 1st to test our systems . Does it work for you to copy and paste this for Cliff's note ? Let me know if it would be better to provide this to you in a different way . Thanks . --Sally
Attached please find a completed employee profile for Brent Price for consideration for promotion to Vice President . Please call me if you have any questions .
THE ATTACHED IS THE CORRECT VERSION . Please disregard an earlier version of this form sent to Chris Shenkman by Dawn Doucet . That version was not complete .
Please update my listing for direct reports . Do you distribute a copy of this to my direct reports ? If so , please get an updated copy to them as well . Thanks !
The industry quote below is interesting . I have a call in to Bob to ask him to get you key measurements on EOL business to date . --Sally
Preview of info request before targeted 4:30 PM meeting in my office today .
I believe that we may have a potentially good fit for Avril , but my direct report who would have to add her to his staff is on vacationing out of town until Monday . I will talk with him on Monday morning and I will have him visit with Jeff Sorenson , who previously interviewed Avril ( he liked her and was favorably impressed , but had no position for her) . We may then want to be able to talk with Avril by phone , since a face-to-face interview will not be possible . We should have a decision then very early in the week . Since you will be in Houston I can update you in person . I would not panic !
This includes OU and UT -- you can ignore the OU names , but there are some good students that I can introduce you to when they arrive !
John and I haven't talked about this need , but I will certainly think about any likely candidates . Danny Clark , who used to work in Deal Clearing & Documentation for ECT a couple of years ago , is in EES as far as I know . He was knowledgeable and meticulous , understood trading as he was a risk book administrator in a previous life . Have you considered him ? Give me a couple of days to think about potential candidates from within ENA , and I will get back with you . --Sally
Attached is a memo that Rick plans to send out - I hope that attaching this makes it easy for you to take care of this . I am delivering to him a highlighted copy of the memo so that he will know about a few wording changes that I have made since the last time that he saw this in draft form . He is certainly free to make any other changes before it goes out . Call me with any questions .
Congratulations on your new role in the communciations company . Building that business will be exciting and how great for the company that you will be there !
Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director . It is wonderful to see your contributions recognized in that way ! --Sally
Please take these meetings off my calendar . Thanks !
Thanks for the note about the video conference . I have put that date on my calendar and I am very interested in the discussion . Any details on where I need to go in Houston to join in ? --Sally
This is the most immediate response that I have ever gotten on notes mail ! Just let me know and I will be there . Thanks .
I liked the new signs for the new hire network this morning , as opposed to the signs for new hire orientation . Just wanted to let you know that I noticed the difference ! I will be curious to hear about changes to the content as well . Hope your are doing well . We will have to have lunch after you get through January ! --Sally
It is officially on the way ! We will see how long it takes to get distributed . --Sally
Two of you had to leave the staff meeting before this final discussion point and three of you were not in attendance , so I wanted to send you the attached memo that I distributed at the end of the meeting . This memo will be sent by Rick Causey via notes mail regarding an additional role that I will assume with regard to global operations . I shared this in the staff meeting so that you would be the first to know . I will still fulfill my role within ENA as VP of Energy Operations . I will not be going away ! This expanded responsibility should create addtional opportunities for operations personnel and will validate some of the global functions that we already provide to the organization .
Thanks for the note , Sherri . I know that you read notes mail messages very promptly ! --Sally
Thanks -- I now know that you read notes mail messages very promptly ! --Sally
Thanks for the note . I hope that you are enjoying your role in EES .
Thanks for the note . I am glad that you are enjoying Portland . I am still on the 30th floor , so do drop by sometime when you are in town . I would love to see you . --Sally
I always have time for lunch ! I will ask my assistant to call you to set something up . Thanks for your note . --Sally
Thanks-- I think !
Please put my name on the list to attend this forum on Wednesday , January 26 . Thanks .
Please find out location of this conference call and put the details on my calendar . Thanks . -- Sally
Thanks for the note . While most of my focus will be on ENA , it will be interesting to look at operations around the world .
Thanks for forwarding mail to me . I apologize for the inconvenience of this . My current e:mail address is sally.beck@enron.com , as suggested within the past few months by the technology group that all addresses use the long name . HOWEVER , my e:mail address prior to that was sbeck@ect.enron.com . That was printed on my business cards , many of which are still in circulation I am sure . When ECT became ENA , I changed my e:mail address to drop the ect reference and to use my long name rather than sbeck . So I can see why you would receive my mail on occassion if someone is either making an educated guess on the address or referencing my old card . SInce there are at least 2 sbeck's here , have you thought about adopting use of your long name address rather than the shorter version to help in further differentiating between us ? That might help eliminate confusion going forward .
Thanks for your note ! --Sally
Please forward to James Scribner . He will call with his e:mail address . |
I can not attend as I will be in the London office for the remainder of the week . Hope that all is well with you . We will have to catch up soon .
Please join us for a celebration of Energy Operations promotions , hosted by ENA Energy Operations Management Team . The following people will be honored at Irma's ( 22 N . Chenevert @ Franklin ) on Thursday , February 3 , 2000 from Brent Price Kristin Albrecht Brenda Herod Leslie Reeves Mary Solmonson Scott Pleus Sheri Thomas Bennett Kaufman Richard McKeel John Postlewaite Sylvia Campos Kam Keiser Phillip Love Anthony Campos Kori Loibl Trang Le Donnie Vinson Imelda Frayre Amy Degeyter Michael Nguyen Sherlyn Schumack Karie Hastings Leslie Smith Please RSVP by Friday , January 31 to Patti at ext . 39106 or e-mail reply . Directions will be available Monday at Patti's desk ( 3012f) . Hope to see you there !
David , Can you resend 1/26/00 MPR ? I mistakingly deleted file before all worksheets were printed . Thanks , Patti ( Sally's assistant )
Approved . Please process . Thanks . Sally Beck
FYI...Thanks for going . --Sally
I will be attending a funeral in Austin on Thursday . I can be reached on my cell phone ( 713-417-1951 ) in the morning and afternoon while driving to and from Austin . If you need immediate information and I can not be reached on my cell phone , please contact Brent Price at x37647 . I will be back in the office on Friday .
The attachment on Ted's memo contains the list of students who will attend the luncheon tomorrow . Thanks again for doing this ! --Sally
Approved . Please process . Thanks , Sally Beck
Brent & Peggy , Memo complete with exception of last paragraph write-up of your promotions . Sally made a beginning stab at it , but would like you to read over your segment and make any corrections or additions that you see fit ( Peggy , in your case , can you fill in the blank) . When these are received back from you , I will call her ( if it's this afternoon) , and final copy will be distributed . Thanks for your help . Patti
It does work ! We enjoyed seeing you , also . Thanks for letting us crash temporarily at your house .
This made it ! We are still waiting today to find out if we can get a Visa today . If so , I will be on the way to South America on Sunday evening . If Chris' associate has any recommendations , I would love to hear them . Thanks . --Sally
Please distribute attached memo to all Enron North America employees . If you need additional information , please call my assistant , Patti Thompson at ext . Thank you , Sally Beck Vice President of Energy Operations
The draft of the memo looks good . However , your memo says that the memo will be sent to all US employees of ENA . ENA by definition includes Canada and Mexico . Therefore , please send the memo to all ENA employees , not just those in the US . Several of those referenced in the memo as being promoted work in our Calgary office , so the memo should certainly be sent to those employees in Calgary . I am at x35926 if you have any questions .
Friday won't work for me for lunch this week , but Thursday is open for me at this point . Would that day work for you ? If lunch won't work , then we will plan some time on the calendar for Thursday or Friday . Let me know . I will look forward to seeing you .
Thanks for keeping me posted on this . Do let me know if there are further problems .
Friday at 2:00 pm --does that work for you ? --Sally
Please print a color copy of this for me . Thanks .
Congratulations on your promotion to Senior Director , a promotion that is very well deserved . You do an amazing job of balancing children and work , and contributing so much on your work on 133 .
Congratulations on your promotion to Senior Director . That makes all of the life juggling seem a little more worthwhile , doesn't it? !
Congratulations on your promotion to Senior Director , a promotion that is very well deserved . I follow your career within Enron with interest .
I won't be able to join Wanda and Juanita in Calgary next week . I will find myself in South America next week , in Sao Paolo and Buenos Aires . Should be interesting , but a long flight . I am cross referencing my calendar with your vacation days , and I will get back with you later today on a suggested date for a trip north .
FYI - I had included Diane Seib and Melinda Whalen ( from Calgary ) in my promotion memo from Energy Operations . I believe that they both work under Peggy Hedstrom in operational roles . I am sure that they didn't mind having their names included twice in promotional memos ! Peggy says that you and Juanita are headed to Calgary next week , and she wondered if I would be coming . I will be in South America in what should be summer there . I do plan to make a trip to Calgary soon . In addition to other things that Peggy and I have to cover , I plan to host a happy hour in Calgary to honor Peggy's promotion and Diane and Melinda , also . I hosted a happy hour in Houston for Energy Operations employees who were promoted last week , and I wanted to do the same thing for the three in Calgary .
Approved . Please process . Thanks , Sally Beck
I think that this was great , too . I look forward to the next one . Would you like to coordinate dinner plans for the next lecture ?
I have asked Patti to send Sharron a list of all employees within Energy Operations ( a BIG list ) and another one with managers and above ( perhaps a more manageable list ) for this effort . Since you went to the meeting I didn't know whether or not you were following up on this . Just wanted to let you know that I have asked Patti to do this . Thanks .
Kent , Please forward this to Sally Beck . Thanks , Patti
Mike & Scott , Sally asked me to forward this to you & wanted to know if there was any way possible you could attend . I apologize for the short notice , but with Sally going out of the country , things have been really hectic . Sheila Glover will also be attending . Please let me know as soon as possible & I will let Paige know . Thanks , Patti
Paige , Sheila Glover and Scott Earnest will be attending for Sally . Mike Moscoso is out of town . Patti
Sally asked me to forward this to you . Patti
Another FAS 133 Offsite meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday , Feb 29 ( all day) . Sally asked me to forward this to you - would like you to attend if at all possible . Scott , this is an FYI for you - I know you will be overseas on this date . Patti
Ted , Sally asked me to forward this to you FYI . Patti
Barry , Sally asked me to forward this to you FYI . A lot of people will be tied up all day Feb 29 at this offsite . She would , however , like to set up time to meet with you in Houston on Wednesday , March 1 . Sally is available from 1:30 - 5:00 in the afternoon . Please let me know if there is a one hour slot that will work for you . Thanks , Patti Thompson x39106 ( Sally's Assistant )
Barry left me voicemail saying 1:30-2:30 pm would probably be okay - I will tentatively put that in Sally's calendar . We can change later if need be . Thanks , Patti
Approved . Sally
I have not been able to schedule a review with Peggy yet , as I am still trying to schedule a trip to Calgary so that Peggy and I can do her review . She will be out of town from March 1 through March 11 , so I will have to come to Calgary sometime after March 11 . I was in South America last week , and have been to London and Helsinki twice since mid-January , so scheduling reviews is a challenge this time around . I will certainly get you a signed copy of the review as soon as I can .
Peggy Hedstrom will be out of the office from March 1 - 11 for vacation . Our spring break week is March 13 , so I have sent Peggy a note asking about sometime the week of March 20 or 27 . I will let you know her reply and then I would love to do a joint trip !
My travel lately has not allowed time to interview . Gretchen Jennings in HR is supposed to be setting up interviews with appropriate candidates for me . She has a stack of all of the resumes that either I have received or those that responded to the posting . I hope to start interviewing next week , although I will only be in the office Monday through Wednesday . Feel free to move forward with whatever you need to do . I trust that I will have several good candidates to consider , and Patti is doing a great job , also . I need to find out if she would like to be considered for the fulltime position .
Ted Murphy and I met this morning with the Arthur Andersen team that accompanied us to Sao Paulo . We reviewed a summary of our observations and recommendations as a result of our visit . After a few suggested changes , AA should forward a copy of this draft to you via e:mail later today . We would welcome your comments on the document , and input on anything that you think we may have missed . Ted and I will be reviewing this information with Rick Buy and Rick Causey as soon as a meeting can be scheduled , so your prompt comments or feedback would be welcomed .
Ted Murphy and I met with the Arther Andersen team this morning that accompanied us on our trip to Buenos Aires . We reviewed the observations and recommendations in written form that we had discussed briefly with you on our last day your office . After making a few changes , AA should be forwarding to you a copy of the draft document later this afternoon . We would welcome your comments and your additions on anything that you think we may have missed . Ted and I will be meeting with Rick Causey and Rick Buy within the next couple of days to discuss our operations and control review , so your responses would be welcomed prior to that meeting . I look forward to working with you and others in your office in my role over Global Risk Management Operations . In addition to overseeing common standards and controls for opeartional practices , I will work as your advocate for system and resource needs in order to insure success for your business plan in Buenos Aires .
Please print a color copy for me of the two attachments to Kate's memo . Thanks .
With my recent travel , I am days ( maybe weeks ) behind on e:mail . I didn't see my name on the attachment . Do I have access to this ?
Was it not January when we were back and forth and back and forth to London/Helsinki ? And despite the fact that the date sequence from London looks funny , it would seem that Nigel on the 17th of February is talking about beginning the process ( actually debating the process ) of background checks ?
Rick: Sorry , I should have sent this to you several days ago . Is the level of detail correct on these goals as you look to assimilate these with others ? I have stated the goals , but not the action plan to achieve the goals . I am working on those in some detail right now . --Sally Goals for 2000 Global Risk Management Operations I . Build/Enhance Operational and Controls Infrastructure to Support: A . Merchant Activities Japan Southern Cone Continental Europe Other regions as identified Enron Broadband Services Credit Trading Other products as identified C . Joint Ventures II . Strengthen Mid and Back Office Talent and Controls for Global Risk Management Operations A . Establish common operational standards,with effective exception reporting B . Strengthen and support the controls mindset in key operational personnel C . Develop a plan to identify , develop and provide rotational opportunities to key operations employees D . Continue to coordinate with IT to develop mid and back office systems that allow for timely and accurate compilation of data across systems for risk and business reporting
I will be out of the office on vacation on Thursday , Friday and Monday , March 2 , 3 , and 6th . My assistant , Patti Thompson ( x39106 ) will have telephone and fax numbers for the hotel where I will be staying . I will be at Disneyworld with my family and 90 members of my daughter's high school drill team , so it is not likely that I will be available during the daytime . However , I can be contacted at the hotel in the evening , if needed . While I am out , please contact the following for any operational needs: Brent Price Business Controller for Natural Gas x37647 Kristin Albrecht * Business Controller for Power x34763 * Kristin will be in the office in the morning only on March 6: she will be in route to Portland in the afternoon . I will be back in the office on Tuesday , March 7 .
Thanks for making the arrangements in Boerne ! It's interesting to know that the mustard men are real and not just a made up story for tourists . I am glad that I avoided them !
Hotel in Orlanda: Thursday PM through Monday AM Hotel Royal Plaza Phone: 407-828-2828 Flight is charter on Miami Air , leaving IAH at about 4:30PM on March 2 ( Thursday) , and returning about 6:30 PM to IAH on March 6 ( Monday) . I do not plan on checking messages , so if something critical comes up , please leave me a message at the hotel . We are there with the Klein High School Bearkadettes , in case you need to know that to get a message to me .
Please share this info with Mom and Dad: Hotel: Hotel Royal Plaza ( with Klein High School Bearkadettes ) Air Travel: Miami Air charter leaving IAH at 4:30 PM on Thursday , March 2 Miami Air charter leaving Orlando at 4:30 PM on Monday , March 6
I would definitely talk with Wes Colwell about doing the presentation on Business Analysis & Reporting . I think that he would do a great job !
Please print 3 copies for me in color . Thanks .
Am just back from Disneyworld ( Tyler loved it , so you will have a great time in a few weeks ) today , and I did get your message . I will talk with Kristin this afternoon . I agree that Edith would be great . I will let you know if there is someone else that we can make available if Edith doesn't work . I will leave you a message tonight before I go on status . --Sally
Approved . Sally Beck
Kevin Sweeney forwarded this message to me . Fernley may have made you aware of his decision with Tani when you and he talked yesterday . If not , I thought that you might be interested in this . --Sally
FYI - This should make things easier in London as there will be one point person to focus on global . I am not sure that her background will bring a lot to the table in the early stages , but she did seem sharp when I met with her last week . This announcement did surprise me a bit , as when I last talked with Fernley he was not leaning in the direction of utilizing Tani in this role . ---Sally
I was forwarded a copy of Fernley's announcement regarding your new role foGlobal Products Trading Support . Your discussions in Houston last week mushave swayed you to accept the challenges that are there . Congratulations oyour new role . As you step into your new position , please let me know how I can best support you in my role over Global Risk Management Operations . I am forwarding a copy of the announcement regarding my expanded role that wassent out in January . Assuming that you were not paying particular attentioto trading operations issues at that point in time , this may be one of those:mail messages that you skipped . I thought that it might be helpful for yto understand the focus that I will have in working with trading operationsgroups around the globe . I certainly will look forward to working with youTim and Kevin . I understand that Kevin will move into a role that is focused full-time onsystems implementation . Who will assume the day-to-day lead responsibilityfor Global Products trading operations in Houston and how will that individual report in to you ? I will be in the London office during the week of March 20 . I will leaveHouston on Sunday evening , so that I should be in the office by noon on Monday . I plan to be there through Thursday evening . Let me know if youwill be in town that week , so that we can schedule some time together . --Sally
Attached is a referral and resume on an HR professional that I thought might interest you . The referral comes from James Scribner , a guy that has just accepted a job offer from me . James and I worked together previously at a bank , and he is very discerning in his evaluation of talent . When I asked if he knew of any other talented people at Fleming ( his current employer ) that we should know , he immediately suggested Tana . His read is that she is very bright , creative , and innovative . She has worked on many special projects at Fleming , but James believes that she would certainly consider a generalist role as she learned Enron and would then "earn" her way into managing special projects . I thought that I would give ENA a first look at this candidate . If you are not interested or do not have a need , please pass this referral along to other HR groups . FYI - James will start work here on April 3 .
Thanks for your homework on this . We will definitely take a look at these two places next week while we are in London . Let us know what we need to do to schedule this . I look forward to meeting you . One of your earlier messages suggested meeting on Monday morning . Monday is great , but we would have to make that an afternoon meeting . Brent and I will be on the flight that leaves Houston at 7:00 PM on Sunday evening , arriving at Gatwick around 10:00 AM . By the time we clear customs , take the train , check in to the hotel and shower , we will not be in the office before 12:30 or 1:00 . Do you have a time available to meet with us that afternoon ? Thanks . --Sally
We are working on the details of Todd's accomodations . I view this as a business trip on which we are allowing him to bring his family . ENA is picking up the cost associated with the family . Sounds as if I need to make sure we moderate expectations on those accomodations , but we will get that handled . That is great that Edith will be in London for part of Todd's stay . Your notes ask for Astros tickets for Wed. , April 10th . Monday is actually the 10th; Wednesday is the 12th . The Astros play St . Louis on both of those days. , both evening games . I would be happy to give you four tickets for either one of those games . Just let me know whether you actually want the 10th or the 12th . We will definitely plan to get together while you are here in April . I would love to see Jo as well . We will have to work the details . I am planning to be in London next week , arriving the morning of the 20th ( Monday ) and staying through Thursday , so we should see one another before April . I am working on an agenda right now for next week , so I will be back in touch within the next day or so to confirm some time with you there . --Sally
3PM sounds great . I will look forward to meeting you .
Have fun in San Antonio . It is a very popular spring break destination . Enjoy it !
Brent Price and I will be in the London office next week . Wanted to see if you , Frank and Mo might be available for dinner one evening . We arrive on Monday morning ( March 20th ) and will return to Houston on Friday morning . Our Tuesday night is booked , having dinner with Fernley . But Monday , Wednesday and Thursday are available . Does it work for you with the baby to do evenings ? Let me know .
I have asked my assistant Patti to help me in setting up meetings for next week and I had asked her to arrange a lunch with you and Brent , plus some time for just the two of us to get together . We are continuing the worldwide operations/controls review at the request of the two Rick's ( Causey and Buy) . That will include a look at Continental power , UK power , UK gas and global products . Looks as if sometime in April will be the date for that , however , not next week . --Sally
I didn't get a response from you regarding my e:mail that I sent last week , but I have heard through the grapevine that you will be making a trip to Houston next week . My plans for being in London next week are firm , so it looks as if we will miss one another . My offer stands to help you in any way as you take on your new role , so I trust that you will take me up on that offer as needed . I will look forward to working with you as we develop common standards for operations worldwide , with effective exception reporting . This is a key initiative for 2000 and will involve trading operations in all locations for all commodities .
Brent Price and I will be in the London office next week , arriving Monday morning and returning to Houston on Friday . The purpose of my visit is in regard to my Global Risk Management Operations role , I believe that Rick Causey met with you regarding some operations support that Brent and I will provide to Fernley during a transition period prior to the arrival and during the assimilation of Michael Jordan , the JP Morgan staffer that Fernley has hired . Brent and I will be working with Fernley next week to iron out the details of our support for Fernley during that transition period . We will also map out an Enron trading operations introduction for Michael Jordan , which may involve a short stint for him in Houston . My goal is to provide a strong resource to Fernley during this transition period and to work with Fernley to provide whatever assistance , training , and orientation to Michael in his role so that his assimilation can be as smooth and effective as possible . Another purpose for the trip is to spend some time with Fernley and his business controllers to get their ideas on specific goals that as a group we would commit to for 2000 . I know that Barry and Richard Sage have many good ideas on how we can leverage knowledge and best practices across all Enron locations with trading operations . My earlier trips to London this year were focused solely on Helsinki , and did not allow time to positively focus on leveraging worldwide operations experience . I value input from other trading operations professionals and I look forward to the ideas that can be generated in working with Barry , Richard and some of their direct reports . I also contacted Tani Nath about my trip to see how I could support her as she moves into her role in Global Products . I have not heard from Tani , but I understand from others that she will be in the Houston office next week . It will be unfortunate to miss her on my trip , but based on my commitments in Houston and Rick Causey's desire to move forward on providing trading operations support to Fernley , next week is the best for me to be in London . I did meet with Tani for an hour when she was here week before last and offered to help her in any way if she made the decision to accept the role over Global Products . I trust that she will contact me for that support as needed . I have scheduled a short meeting one on one with you while I am there to discuss how my global role can provide support and resources for your business efforts in London . I look forward to meeting with you next week . This trip is not a leg of the worldwide operations/control review that we are conducting at Joe Sutton's request . By circumstance , as you know , we have taken a look at Helsinki and subsequently Oslo and Frankfurt . There will be a similar review of Continental power , UK gas , UK power and global liquids . The review teams are currently focused on operations/controls reviews of North American locations and some entities in the US in which Enron has a large ownership position . It is likely that the continuation of this effort in London will occur in mid April . Copies of the drafts of the findings for Oslo and Frankfurt were provided to Fernley as soon as the team returned to Houston . We hope to finalise those drafts this week as we receive comments from Fernley and the business managers in Oslo and Frankfurt to whom those drafts were provided . Fernley suggested that you would like to see the drafts as opposed to the final copies , so I will have those forwarded to you today . The Sydney and Singapore trip was a lengthy one , as it also involved a last leg of the trip in London with regard to support for SIngapore . The Houston team returned the middle of last week and worked with AA on an early draft last Friday . I can also provide you with a draft of that report , the completion of which was pending input from Bill Bradford early this week ( he made the trip but was out of the office last week) . We did do a preliminary review of the Sydney and Singapore findings with Rick Causey and Rick Buy on Friday afternoon , to accommodate the fact that both are out on vacation this week . They understood the preliminary nature of the draft that was reviewed with them .
1 ) I just talked with Scott Earnest and asked him to send you and John Sherriff copies of the lastest draft of the report on Singapore . This draft now incorporates comments from Bill Bradford that were pending last week ( he made the trip to Sydney and Singapore , but had to be in New York last week , meaning his imput was delayed until yesterday . You and John should receive those drafts today . 2 ) I sent an e:mail message to John Sherriff after you and I talked , simply to clarify the several purposes of my trip to London ( since you said he was asking) . I have scheduled a brief meeting one-on-one with him while I am there . 3 ) To outline for you the primary points on my agenda for the week , they are the following: Iron out with you the trading operations support that Brent and I can provide for you during this transition period Finalize details with Tara Rozen on work permits , accomodations and all of the details on having support personnel in London Map out with you how we can provide training , orientation and contacts for Michael Jordan when he arrives to help make his assimilation a smooth one ( which as you and I discussed , may involved a short stint in Houston ) Meet with you , Barry , Richard Sage and anyone else that you feel is appropriate to collect their ideas on working collectively on effective trading operations and controls world-wide I look forward to seeing you next week .
I'll look forward to seeing you . Since my first note , I have scheduled a dinner with Richard Sage on Thursday evening - the only time that he and I can meet , since he is in Helsinki through Wednesday , in the office on Thursday but booked that day . With the Tuesday dinner with Fernley , that leaves Monday or Wednesday . I hope that one of those days works for you and Frank . I will try to call Mo - I think that she is still in Houston today . --Sally
Per my earlier e:mail message , I am forwarding to you the draft of the report on the operations/controls review of Singapore . ( It is an attachment to the message from Scott Earnest to me. ) The most current drafts of the reports on Oslo and Frankfurt were compiled by the AA team in London . Nick Swingler is apparently out on vacation this week . I have asked AA personnel from Houston to coordinate with their London office to get you a copy of those two draft reports . Given the time difference , you should receive thos reports via e:mail from AA on Wednesday . --Sally
I will be out of the office Wednesday through Friday this week ( March 15-17) . I will be with my children while they are on Spring Break . I can be reached those three day either at home ( 281-370-8568 ) or on my cell phone ( 713-417-1591) . The following persons will serve as key operations contacts in the office while I am out: Key Operations Contacts March 15-17 Brent Price Business Controller , Gas x37647 Kristin Albrecht Business Controller , Power x34763 Also , I will be in the London office during the week of March 20th . I am working with Fernley Dyson and John Sherriff to structure training and orientation for a new head of trading operations that has been hired in London . I am also working to provide transition resources to London for operational controls unttil the new guy is on board . My work on this should be completed by the end of next week . I will return to Houston on Friday , March 24 . My assistant , Patti Thompson ( x39106) , will have a copy of my schedule while I am in London as well as an international mobile phone number where I can be reached . Please don't hesitate to call . I will be responding to voice mail messages throughout the week . The following persons will serve as key operations contacts in the Houston office while I am working from London: Key Operations Contacts March 20-24 Brenda Herod Business Controller , Gas x35778 Kristin Albrecht Business Controller , Power x34763 Kristin Albrecht will attend the Monday , March 20th staff meeting at 9:30 in my absence .
The e:mail system never recognizes Rick Causey , so you were dropped from the first distribution . I have to remember to type your full first name !
I will be out of the office Wednesday through Friday , March 15-17 to be with my children during part of their spring break . We will be in town , so I can be reached either at home ( 281-370=8568 ) or on my cell phone ( 713-417-1591) . I will check voice mail messages during this time period , but probably once or twice a day . I will be in the London office next week . I will be in that office from about noon on Monday through the end of the day on Thursday . Patti will have a schedule of my appointments while I am there , and she will have an international cell phone number that I will have with me throughout the trip . Contact her if you need to speak directly with me . I will be responding to voice mail frequently throughout the week . I will be travelling back to Houston on Friday , March 24 ( leaving my hotel in London around 1 AM Houston time) . I will see you back in the office on Monday , March 27 .
Ted Murphy , Tom Bauer , Jim Brown and I met yesterday to schedule the next series of operations/controls reviews of Enron offices or certain companies in which Enron holds an ownership interest . Attached is a copy of that schedule . Please contact Ted or me if you have any questions . You will note that the full make-up of the teams is being worked on currently . We have identified the lead on each review , however , from RAC , Operations and AA .
I am in London this week and have picked up your message with the attachment . If you could let me know what it is that you are trying to do with this , then I will be glad to help you where I can . Are you trying to create a job description to be used to search for a local candidate in Japan ? Do you need a job description for internal purposes to create a position on the Tokyo team ? Is this a job description that you want to use in discussions that we may have with Eugenio Perez in a start up role for the risk books ? These three options would all require slightly different descriptions of the role , so it would be helpful to know how you will use this . Please let me know and I will be glad to work on this for you .
DISCUSSION DRAFT TO: Enron Europe Employees FROM: Fernley Dyson , Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer , EEL Sally Beck , Vice President )  Global Risk Management Operations SUBJECT: Trading Operations Resource for London Enron Europe Ltd . has played a vital role over the last few years in the global expansion of Enron,s business . Now , EEL is taking a strategic role in setting the standards for global operational performance . Accordingly,EEL will work closely with Global Risk Management Operations to assess ouroperational policies , procedures and internal controls . This will be a collaborative effort to establish and implement standards and measurements to be used world-wide . This strategic initiative is critical to Enron,s performance , in insuring that trading operations services are delivered consistently across all commodities and all locations . We are very pleased to announce that effective April 10 , 2000 , Brent Price,Vice President of Global Risk Management Operations , will office at EnronHouse , reporting to both of us . Brent will have the responsibility and authority to facilitate this global initiative for Enron Europe . Brent brings a wealth of operational and risk experience . His most recent assignment included heading Gas Operations for Enron North America . Brent will have the responsibility to assist and guide us through the proceof assessment and development of global operational standards and measurements . This will include evaluating the operational processes , procedures and controls for all commodities and locations managed by EEL . He will also advise us on any critical issues requiring immediate action to insure that we are fully aligned in the delivery of global consistency throughout all of our operations . He will work actively with the operationstaff in Enron Europe to achieve this goal . ( FERNLEY )  This would be a good spot to perhaps make a reference to thetiming of Mike Jordan,s arrival and the role that Brent would play in hiassimilation , assuming that when this goes out that you have already sent oan announcement about hiring Mike and his role. ) We ask your full co-operation in supporting Brent and the success of thisinitiative . We remain committed to our mutual efforts to develop our people , build business knowledge , leverage talent across locations and insure the integriof our global services .
Definitely take off and meet Scott at the airport . I know that you will be glad to see him . Enron North America Corp .
I will plan to attend . Can you attend as well ? --Sally
I will be at the meeting on Thursday . I have asked Brenda Herod to attend as well . Can you add her to your distribution list so that she receives notice of these meetings as well ? That way , one or both of us will be able to attend . Thanks .
Sorry , I can;t help you on this one . I don't have a copy . --Sally
Sorry that we have missed one another by phone . I agree that the challengeof EBS are going to be very exciting . Enron has certainly made a commitmento make communications a large part of our future success . I would suggestthat to get more details that you talk with Scott Pleus . He is one of mydirect reports , who most recently has been the business controller for Emerging Products , including bandwidth . Scott's focus will soon shift tofocus full time on trading operations for bandwidth . Give Scott a call atX36577 and I am sure that he would be glad to visit with you about the industry and opportunities that he sees within EBS . From: Corry Bentley 03/28/2000 08:48 AM
Approved . Please note that Co . # should be 0342 for Misc . Expense on Todd032400LondonSAP expense report . Thanks , Sally Beck
Energy Operations has two sets of season tickets for Astros games this season . One set is four tickets in the field box level , and the other set is two tickets in the terrace level . I have also purchased one parking spot in a lot that is a couple of blocks from the stadium . I have divided the tickets among you , with my husband's help . He identified "good games" ( i.e . teams that everyone likes to see) , and those are distributed equally across my direct reports . Tickets for the other games have been distributed based your percentage of Energy Operations employees . For most games , you will receive all six tickets . You can use these tickets for yourself and for a small reward for a job well done by someone in your group . The parking information will accompany the group of four field box tickets . Patti is including a map of downtown with the parking lot pinpointed . Your tickets will be distributed to you this week . I hope that you and your staff will enjoy these . I also received over 100 tickets from Cliff Baxter , Greg Whalley and Dave Delainey for the exhibition game on Saturday , April 1 . I have chosen to distribute two tickets a piece to all directors and managers in Energy Operations who are not my direct reports . SInce you will have first call on the season tickets going to your group , I thought that it would be nice to make these tickets available to the next tier of leadership . I wanted to make you aware of this before these are distributed tomorrow . Finally , I have purchased a block of tickets for two upcoming games , one a weekday afternoon and one a weekend . I will let you know these dates soon , as I would like for my direct report group to join me at these games .
Do you know what this is ? ISO makes me think power . Any clues ? --Sally
Per my voice mail message , attached is a draft memo regarding Brent's role in London . Any comments would be appreciated . Fernley and I plan to send this out sometime next week , prior to Brent's assignment starting on April 10 .
Glad you enjoyed the game . That was quite a climb to those seats ! I did it a couple of times with my two year old in arms , and wasn't sure that I would make it ! That's good that you could watch from a lower level . --Sally
Below is an announcement that was sent to employees within Enron Europe todfrom Fernley Dyson and me . Most of you have probably become aware of theassignment that Brent will have over the next few months in London . We anticipate that he will be back in the Houston office by the end of the second quarter . I thought that you would like to see how we have describedthe role that he will play in London . Brent will retain his current role within North America , and will be conducting his Houston staff meetings via conference call from London . Susan Harrison and Steve Jackson will play leadership roles for his gas team whilhe is in London; Susan with a focus on operations and Steve with a focus orisk and interfacing with Jeff Shankman's on daily p&l and position information . needs . Please wish Brent well in this additional assignment in London . I would asthat you help defeat the "out of sight , out of mind" syndrome , and that youkeep Brent informed of ENA issues as you would if he were in town , via e:mail or telephone . Also , please work closely with Susan and Steve when you aredealing with issues that cut across commodity lines . Susan will be attending the Monday afternoon staff meeting .
Glad you enjoyed the game . It was certainly a panoramic view from up there ! I am that you continue to be pleased with your decision to come to Enron , and I am certainly glad that you are here .
I will look forward to meeting you during your visit to Houston next week . I will work with Carol to schedule a time that will work for both of us . Have a nice flight . --Sally
We interviewed the 12 finalists in Austin yesterday . Interviewers were Gene Humphrey , Thomas Suffield , Roger Ondrecko and me . The four of us met this morning in Houston to decide on our suggested scholarship receipients . Based on my conversation with Sue White yesterday in Austin , I called her today with the names of the three suggested award winners . I conveyed this via voice mail , as Sue was not in her office . She had told me that her schedule would be tight today , so it is likely that she and I will talk tomorrow morning . She wanted to be able to discuss our recommendations . I would not anticipate any changes as a result of my pending conversation with Sue . However , I think that it will be best to withhold the names of the recepients until after that conversation . She will most likely then contact you to confirm their names . I have phone numbers , addresses and e:mail addresses for all three , and I will provide you with those as soon as the official notification from the University takes place . Gene , Thomas and Roger are all interested in attending the dinner in Austin if schedules permit . The week of April 24th is a good one for me for the dinner . Obviously , many schedules have to be coordinated . I know that Rick Causey will want to attend ( he will have been in London the week prior , so he may be available) . I have also talked with CIndy Olson and I know that she would like to be included if her schedule permits . Today was Brent's last day in the Houston office for several months . Let me know how I can help with these arrangements . Enron North America Corp .
I already have this date on my calendar . Count me in . --Sally
Glad you enjoyed the game . The field will make baseball much more fun in Houston .
Energy Operations will enjoy participating in this program . I would like to bring this us up at my staff meeting on Monday , April 10 , so I will get back to you with the number of students and the contact person(s ) next week . --Sally
I have asked Patti to get us together to discuss your e:mail message as soon as possible . Hopefully , we can work that out this week . I llok forward to talking with you and I will be glad to help you in any way that I can .
The scholarships , while sponsored by Enron , are technically awarded by UT . I will be talking with Sue White today , and I will get her take on whether or not the university wants to contact the winners or whether Enron should do it . I will let you know . The 24th is a great day for me for the dinner in Austin . So if that works for recepients and faculty , then that would work our well . Keep me posted . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Fall sounds good to me . In talking with Sue today , she stated that Dr . Rao would like to inform the winners of the scholarships by letter from him and that it will most likely be another week before he does so . I asked her to contact me when the letter is going out to the students so that we can follow up with either a letter or phone call from some of us at Enron . I will keep Rick Causey , the other interviewers and you ( or someone in your office ) updated on the timing of notifying the winners . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Willie Harrell Security Request approved . Sally Beck
Thanks for the update . I am glad that you and Fernley were able to get together . Let me know what you hear from Mark or Tim about their discussion . When that is set , I will put out a memo that outlines the changes that we are making as Scott Pleus devotes full time to EBS . Hope your weekend was a good one . Have you seen Brent yet ? --Sally
Approved . Sally Beck System would not allow me to submit request electronically .
Please incorporate the management contact changes per Sheila Glover for the 2000 plan .
I tried to call you back today , but was told that you had left the office . Tried to leave you a voice mail message , but no one in the office knew how to transfer my call into voice mail . They were good about answering your phone , however ! I will call you tomorrow morning before my first meeting at 8:30 . If I miss you , I will ask my assistant to interrupt me when you call back . I will be in meetings with operations people from London and Sydney tomorrow , but can easily step out to talk with you .
We would love to see all three of you . Sounds as if you might arrive on Friday around 5:00 or 6:00 , so we will plan on dinner together . You can see the kitchen in progress! ! The upstairs is untouched , however , so you can make yourselves at home . I will let everyone know tonight , and they will all be glad to see you . I haven't talked with Cara since the weekend , so I didn't know that she might change her plans . I will try to catch her tonight . Just let me know on the $'s . I can send that whenever you might need it . And I would suggest that we start a repay program after another few months as you all get caught up on other things . No rush . Love , Sally
Please incorporate these changes into the 2000 plan . Thanks .
I do know Susan so I could probably approve this request . However , in my staff meeting on Monday (  I know that Katherine was there , and not you) , one of the major points that I made centered around my approval of requests for EOL access . We can discuss when we get together on Friday morning . Susan needs to put her managers name at the bottom of this form , and the manager should okay this as well . --Sally
Approved . Sally Beck
I read the applications , letters of recommendation and resumes on the plane to Austin and in the hospital this weekend . Below are my suggested seven appointees to the Analyst Advisory Board . I made the selections based on their answers to the application questions , plus I attended to get a mix of male and female , commercial and merchant service analysts rotations , current operating company assignments , undergraduate schools , etc . I am sorry that I will not be able to join you in the meeting today . Analyst School Current Rotation Rationale Ilan Caplan UT CALME Structuring Both MSA and Commercial Analyst rotations Erin Rice Trinity CALME Structuring Vocal; good to be part of the solution; female minority Brian Hoskins Vanderbilt ENA Trading I will trust Jeff Shankman on this one Alejandro Veiga Rice ESA - Venezula Good ideas; diverse background Courtney Votaw Pepperdine Corp . - PR Adds interest to the mix with her rotation & background Adrian Woolcock Rice EES Sounds mature; good ideas
Kim , Sally says that Wes Colwell will be assigning ENA representative . Patti
We did talk about the creation of these new positions within gas support . I have also discussed this at length with Brent , and agree that the shift of manager positions to front to back looks across each region ( eliminating the OA and Deal Validation manager roles ) makes sense . Upon the recommendation of Susan and Brent , I am comfortable with appointing Jeff Gossett as the manager of the West region .
Charlene: Outlined below are the points I promised to send you before our meeting on Wednesday morning . I don't know your agenda for the meeting , so it may or may not be appropriate to discuss all of these items tomorrow . Background: As a long-time supporter of the analyst program , I became concerned over the last several months as frustration emerged from other supporters of the program . Many of those expressing frustration are heavily involved in the recruiting process . It is their commitment to both recruiting and providing analyst rotations that has been key in attracting talented candidates to what has been the Merchant Services Analyst Program . I initiated a meeting , announced at Rick Causey's staff meeting , that would bring us together so that we could consolidate our concerns and then discuss them with you in a constructive manner . Our intent is continued support and improvement of the program . The meeting took place on March 28 and included the following: Brenda Herod ENA - Energy Operations Executive Lead - LSU Brent Price ENA - Energy Operations Executive Lead - UT Jeff Sommers CALME Executive Lead - Univsersity of Florida Ed Coats Corp . Tax Core Team Member - UT , A&M , LSU and University of Florida Sally Beck ENA - Energy Operations Executive Lead - UT and OU Carolyn Barrett EBS Howard Selzer Enron Global E&P Summary of Concerns and Discussion Points: One program , or two: Prior to campus recruiting in the fall 1999 , an announcement was made that there would be one analyst program . Not much materialized from that point to clarify what that meant or how that would be managed . In fact , those of us involved heavily in the recruiting process saw that the MSAP and the Commercial Anlayst programs were managed separately and differently in terms of campus recruiting , rotations and orientation . We feel uninformed and therefore are hampered in discussing the analyst program on campus . SIngle start date: The single start date of July 17 for analysts is impractical and inflexible; a concern from our points of view for an innovative company . The July start date does not consider December graduates and is not necessarily practical for undergrads whose graduation dates are in May . Lack of communication: We are some of the most involved and committed senior managers in the MSAP , and yet we have received little information or communication about the program . We hear rumors of "tracks" , but no facts or details . Some of us had heard about the single July start date , and some had not . Commercial focus too heavy: Presentation materials , the attitudes of support staff in the Associates/Analysts Program and interview processes are heavily focused on commercial needs , without understanding support needs . Lack of input from biggest supporters: Given the time and effort that many of us put into the MSAP , we are concerned that we haven't been asked to join with you in some of your plans for the program . We are concerned that decisions ( example: the single start date ) are being considered in a vacuum without what could be some valuable input from some of us . MSAP has taken a step backward: Previously , with a dedicated leadership team and staff , the MSAP had made great strides in the consistency of our on campus efforts , the quality of candidates , the acceptance rate of top candidates and the pride of participants in the program . We feel that the focus on the MSAP has diminished considerably over the last nine months , and we are anxious to work with you to renew excitment for the program . Summary Concerns/Discussion Points: Disc
Approved . Sally Beck
Sounds like a good idea . I am glad to Theresa is getting some benefit from the program . --Sally
Sounds interesting , and Scottsdale is supposed to be nice . Enjoy !
Do you want to give your tickets to someone in your group and join the management team ? Up to you.. . Enron North America Corp .
You have a ticket - we will see you there , with you pager on ! Patti will get your ticket to you before Thursday .
I would enjoy being involved in the kickoff for the first Gas Ops program . Keep me posted on date and time . Thanks for attending the meeting yesterday . I hope that you will let me know when and how I can best be involved and provide support for your efforts . --Sally
Thanks for your note . Between meetings today , I will construct a loose job description and e:mail that to you later today . I realized after you left that we did not talk about compensation . It would help me in creating this role with our HR group if I knew ballpark figures on compensation . We have a good comp team that can research that for me , but a short cut would be to know from you what you are currently making and what you would be looking for in making a move . Feel free to call me or respond via e:mail . My number is 713-853-5926 . --Sally
Tara , When I tried to approve this request ( Sheri gave verbal approval) , I got message that it had already been approved by another access approver . Patti
We will look forward to seeing you in Rick Causey's CAO Staff Meeting on May 9th at 8:30 in EB46C1 . I listened to your voice mail message --thanks for the clarification around the recruiting process for one analyst program . My dad was released from the hospital on Saturday , following what seemed like a very long ten day stay . He lost a lot of weight while being fed only by IV for 8 of those days , so he is under orders to eat everything in sight ! Hopefully , this most recent operation will result in overall better health for him going forward . Thanks for asking . --Sally
It is hard for me to say how this would work on behalf of all of my direct reports . Sometimes it is tough to have all assistants out at once . To meet at 3:00 , you all would have to leave around 2:30 , which could be early in the day for some groups to lose assistants . Would it work to start a little later in the afternoon ? If before 5:00 , I think that all assistants will have to check with their managers on the convenience of an earlier departure time . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Barry sent me a copy of the draft memo announcing his role within EBS . Since Scott Pleus is currently in that role and does have people reporting to him in EBS that are in trading operations , I would suggest that the memo contain a mention of the transition: Example: Scott Pleus is currently Director of trading operations for EBS . He will be transitioning to an origination role within EBS in mid May as Barry Pearce assumes his responsibilities for EBS . The current trading staff for EBS will report to Barry effective with his start date in May . I also heard from Barry today that Todd Lindholm let him know that he is out of the picture with regard to commercial support for bandwidth trading operations and that Barry will report to John Echols . So sounds as if that is clarified .
Glad you sent a note - as crazy as life is at our house right now , I did not get the message from Tammy . Lots of catch up in the office last week , which will continue this week . I think that Chris is home by now , and I am sure that you and Erica are glad to have the additional company . We are starting to talk birthday with Meagan now . I will get back with you in a couple of days after Meg and I have gone through the JA catalogue . Thanks for asking . --Sally
Have fun in Wharton -- remember that Hines BBQ is the best bet in town . Leave room for the pie ! Let's review calendars so that we can pin point a time for you or you and Chris to visit . (  I will keep that date confidential , so that it will be reserved for you. ) --Sally
Did you mean to have an attachment to this e:mail ?  There was not one attached .
Hope your long weekend was a good one , uneventful on Monday , at least . Got your message last Friday . It seems as if Kristin is more and more interested in the EBS role , especially after her continuing discussions with Jim Fallon . The timing of her trip to London is somewhat up in the air . May be the end of this week , may be next week . I think it will still be good for you and Kristin to talk in person . Kristin and Todd are both very qualified and you would love working with both . Kristin's established working relationship with Jim Fallon would definitely be a plus . I don't want to lose both of them from ENA , however , at the same time . So I would suggest that we make it an either or propostion . I got your message on housing/location in Houston . I am headed out of the office soon for an offsite meeting hosted by ENA's Office of the Chairman . I will call you on Friday when I am back in the office and talk through some options on housing .
I gave a copy of this document to Wes Colwell immediately following last week's meeting with a note that he needed to respond to you . He is the most appropriate respondent from ENA . --Sally
I understand that Ashley Worthing has been hired by Enron to start work this summer . I think that she is graduating from Texas A&M . She is my cousin's daughter , so I am just curious whether or not she is coming in as an analyst . Please let me know if that is the case . Thanks .
FYI - Sounds as if we can't delay Tom's residence in the flat any longer . We have pushed the date several times . If there are some other delays , you may want to consider flying back with your family back to Houston , and then returning on your own to finish the project . You could stay in a hotel from that time period . What do you think ? Can we assure Tom that you will be out of the flat by the 18th of May ? --Sally
FYI - Let's talk . I am already booked for Tuesday AM - could you attend and would you want to ? Let's talk before getting back to Margaret . --Sally
You have the right earrings -- they are tiny ! But that's what she would like . She will be really pleased . She loves her silver ones , but they are not great for everyday wear -- gold is better for her ears . Sounds as if your weekend was fun . Ours was nice --errands and stuff on Saturday and the Enron picnic at Astroworld on Sunday . Otherwise , just camping out in the mess at our house . I did talk with Mom on Saturday night about a psychologist vs . psychiatrist . Sounds as if from her ER buddy at the Heart Hospital that she has decided that they need both -- one for counseling and one for meds . I believe that she and Dad will each see a counselor type on Tuesday this week . I hope that they will begin to find some relief . Sounds as if they are really having a hard time - at least Mom . We would still like for you to come visit . Let's talk dates when you're ready . --Sally
He has been focused on Sitara for a long time . He reports to Scott Mills , who is the user lead for the project . I am copying Scott on this message , as his Sitara team is small and he would know best what deliverables are on the horizon and how critical Tom's involvement is to those deliverables . I suggest that we involve Scott in these discussions . --Sally
Stephen joined Enron on January 29 , 1996 . Is there any other info that you need ? Are you still planning to be in Houston next week ? --Sally
Please print the attachment for me in color . Maybe three copies . Thanks .
Amanda is at camp from Sunday , May 28 until Saturday , June 10 . Then Meagan leaves on Sunday , June 11 and will return on Saturday , June 24 . If we decide to do a family vacation , it would be either the week of June 26 , July 3 or July 10 . After that , Meagan starts Bearkadette practices through school start in August , with a few days at Bearkadette camp July 20-24 . Looks as if we will have one girl or the other with us at any point during the summer , unless Amanda schedules her Austin visit during one of Meagan's two stints at camp . Let me know when you want to talk dates .
I made the assumption when you said that Jim Fallon had said that Kristin's name was "in play" , that he and Kristin had coordinated a transition with Kevin Presto that made him comfortable . At an ENA offsite meeting on Wednesday and Thursday last week , I talked with Kevin during a break to see if was comfortable with Kristin's number two as his risk lead . Unfortunately , Kevin knew nothing about this . So rather than discuss the transition , Kevin had to react to and absorb this as a possibility . He had some very valid business reasons as to why Kristin's movement over the summer months would be risky for ENA . You and I can discuss those if you would like . His reaction was not "never" , but instead was "not now" . He and Kristin talked on Friday and agreed to a transition in mid August . Let's discuss . --Sally
Below is the name and phone number of the woman that I worked with to arrange our tour of Enron Field . She may not be the person to talk with regarding displaying a boat , but will very likely be able to give the correct contact . It was nice to meet you . I have enjoyed getting to know Bethany through NCL . Good luck ! Jill McCormick
I heard this morning from Susan Harrison that Sandra had submitted a letter of resignation to Bryce Baxter , who reports to Susan . I have not talked directly with Bryce and I have not seen the resignation letter to date this afternoon . I have left a message for Bryce and I will get with him on Tuesday morning to see a copy of the letter and then can leave you a message after that . --Sally
I am sorry that I will not be able to join you tonight for dinner and to hear Julie Andrews speak . Tonight is the induction ceremony for the high school drill team members for next year , with parents being introduced as well as our daughters . So the place that I most need to be tonight is at Klein High School with Meagan . Thanks to Mary for arranging the dinner . I hope that all of you enjoy the evening . The final speaker in the series is Jane Goodall , and that will be next Tuesday , May 16 . Please let me know if you have any suggestions for a spot for dinner . That night is Meagan's 16th birthday , so I have asked her to be my guest that evening for dinnner and the lecture . I can't think of a better idea for this birthday than to expose her to a group of very bright , motivated women ! I will look forward to introducing her to those of you whom she has not yet met .
Well done ! Beth will be a great resource . --Sally
This makes great sense - glad to have you as a true ENA resource . Thanks again for meeting with my expanded staff yesterday . Let me know how I can best support you as you make the changes that you outlined . I was impressed with my brief glimpse of Jeff at yesterday's 5:30 meeting . --Sally
Congratulations on your new role as Chief Strategy Officer . Your leadership in ENA was appreciated and I will miss your active participation in ENA's business . However , I hope that we will have opportunities to work together in the future . --Sally
Congratulations on your added role of Chairman and CEO of ENA . I didn't realize that when I said hello in the elevator last week that we would be seeing more of you in Houston . I look forward to working with you when you arrive .
Congratulations on your added role of CEO for Enron Europe . I look forward to continuing to work with you and the staff in London on risk management operations initiatives . I talk with Brent Price several times a week . I know that Fernley has appreciated his participation in London , and I hope that you have found his involvement to be beneficial as well . We are almost at the half way mark on his assignment , so I will talk with you next week when I return from Calgary to get your input on his role to date .
Mary , As Brent Price is out of the country until July & I am travelling out of the country more frequently , I would like to temporarily designate Susan Harrison as a signer . Susan is the Director of our off-system Settlements & Volume Management groups . This temporary designation will ensure that we maintain appropriate signing coverage while Brent & I are unavailable . Thanks , Sally
Irena , Can you attach file ? Patti Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for the reminders . Hopefully , this will take care of this .
Thanks for the update and attachment . It will be great to have you back here in Houston . I have heard lots of good things about your assignment there , however , so I know that the London group will miss your presence . I will try to call you Wednesday morning on my way into the office . I .
Approved . Please process . Sally Beck
Sounds as if you will have a full day on Monday . I am glad that you are eager to get together to kick off your role -- we will have to save that for Tuesday , however . I am taking the day off on Monday to be with my parents who will be in from Austin for one of my daughter's piano recital . 9:30 to 10:30 on Tuesday would be a great time for us to get together . There are two other meetings that day that I would like to have you attend with me . One is a weekly Risk Forum luncheon from 11:30 to 1:00 and the other is a meeting at 3:00 on trading operations for Tokyo . I will give the details on location and list of attendees when you and I meet on Tuesday morning . Enjoy your next few days . I hope that orientation is helpful on Monday . Check with my assistant , Patti Thompson , on where you will be sitting . I look forward to seeing you on Tuesday . --Sally
I agree that discussing the numbers in person with AA would be the right way to handle this . And , I am looking to Brent in managing the current reconciliation process so he can best address the timing of the meeting . My expectation is that the vast majority of the $49MM variance will be explained and finalized by Monday at 11:00 am . This finalization obviously involves both the gas operations group and gas accounting . I will be on vacation on Monday while my parents are in town for a visit , but I have carved out time during the day at 11:00 to be in the office for an update on the reconciliation , as it is very important to me . --Sally
Lunch probably won't work in that time frame . I will be out on vacation on Monday . Tuesday's lunch is a standing Risk Forum Meeting and Wednesday I will be out of the office during the lunch hour for a school function for one of my daughters . I will check with Ted Murphy on the Tuesday Risk Forum meeting , as occassionally the meeting is cancelled . I will get back in touch if the Tuesday lunch does open up . Would Amita like to meet at another time during those days ? There is a possibility that I could do an early dinner on Tuesday evening . How does that work with Amita's schedule ? --Sally
FYI -- Let me know who Angelic will report to and what she will be doing . Thanks .
According to records from the Analysts Program , the following interns will be working within Energy Operations during the summer . The assignment stated below is as reflected in the program's spreadsheet . Name School Start Date Assignment Luna Carlson University of Florida July 5 ENA - Risk Reporting and Analysis Joshua Koenig University of Florida May 22 Energy Operations - Gas Operations Management Jolly Jose University of Houston June 5 Energy Operations - Gas Operations Management Michael Taylor LSU May 22 Central Desk Logistics Daniel Graham Morehouse May 15 ENA - Financial Settlements Angelique Woods University of Texas May 22 ENA - Risk Management First , please respond to me today and let me know to whom the analyst will be reporting and what their responsibilities will be for the summer . Hopefully none of this is a surprise and the appropriate arrangements have been made for desk , phone and computers for all . Secondly , please make a point of seeking out these interns and welcoming them to Enron . Finally , after I know where these analysts are placed , we will have a brief meeting with the analysts' managers and any of you under whom they will be working to discuss ideas on making the analysts assignments meaningful this summer . I welcome ideas on this from any of you .
My new employee who will be working with me on global standards for operations for all trading/origination locations started with Enron yesterday . Her name is Shona Wilson , and I do not know her extension . She was in orientation yesterday , and I will be meeting with her today from 9:30 to 10:30 to discuss her initial assignments , of which working with India is one . I will have her contact you later today . Although she is new to Enron , she has had extensive experience with Price Waterhouse Coopers in internal audit , controls and process redesign for trading firms , both in the US and in Europe . She will work with other seasoned professionals on my team to set up the infrastructure that is needed in India . --Sally
I have this on my calendar for September 7 and I am looking forward to it . Thanks .
I have signed up for June 1st . There is no indication on the e:mail that you forwarded of the location for the focus group . I assume that more details will follow .
Congratulations on the new role . I think that it will be an interesting challenge and that you will do a great job . How soon do you start ? --Sally
FYI - I believe that Shona will prove to be a great asset to Enron . We are following up on her leads for talent . --Sally
I asked my new hire to suggest names of people that she knows that would be good for to consider hiring . Here is her response . Tony Vasut had called her and asked for this list as well . Do you have him keyed in on our blitz effort for hiring of risk personnel ? Or is he working on some other initiative ? I have not reviewed the names nor Shona's comments in detail yet , but I wanted to pass these along for inclusion in our efforts . --Sally
Per my voice mail...somehow my intent to copy you on this didn't work . Shona's extension is 39123 and she is sitting on the 30th floor . --Sally
Please print for me on legal size paper . Thanks .
I assume that granting access for someone for whom Lorraine Becker is the supervisor should be approved by you . I get hundreds of these , many for employees outside Energy Operations . Thanks . --Sally
Ditto .
Scott's name is not familiar to me and the only person from my group who is in the London office now is Brent Price . I looked up Scott's name on our Enron People Finder , and it would appear that he is in the IT department . I assume that he is someone who is on assignment in the UK , so I would suggest that you contact Beth Perlman in Houston who leads IT for ENA or talk with Mark Pickering in IT in London . My role in Houston is over the trading operations groups , but does not include IT . I wish that I could answer your specific question for you , but I think that referring you to IT will get you the answer that you need .
Happy anniversary ! I hope to leave the office soon and am planning to call you to wish you that over the phone on my way home . Not much unpacking yet -- our main focus up until Sunday morning was getting Amanda ready for camp . There was still a good bit of painting going on this week , so this weekend I do hope to get quite a bit unpacked . We got our first letter from Amanda yesterday ,  and it sounds as if she is having fun . Said that she was homesick and missed us , but was not sad . Has some of the same girls in her cabin that she had last summer . I plan to shop this weekend for your birthday gift for Amanda . As we discussed , she will have a continuation of her birthday when she gets back home next weekend . So by the end of the weekend I should be able to give a total for gifts for both girls . Love , Sally
I have entered the following names into the Performance Review System as suggested reviewers: Commercial Customers Jeff Shankman Jim Fallon Gary Hickerson Direct Reports Brent Price ( Business Controller -Natural Gas ) Kristin Albrecht ( Business Controller - Power ) Todd Hall ( Business Controller - Merchant Portfolio ) Others Rick Causey Ted Murphy Fernley Dyson ( London )
That meeting was about my 13th of the day that began at 7:30 , and that was day three of the week with that kind of scheduling . I apologize if I seemed impatient in the meeting . I know that you are working for the best interests of Energy Operations and Enron . By the end of the day I was probably looking for crisp , clear solutions to an issue that probably doesn't lend itself well to that . Why don't we set up a lunch so that you and I can have the opportunity to talk separate from immediate issues at hand ? I will have Patti get a date on the calendar . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
I did walk out of the room with the two booklets ( employee profiles and pre-review rankings ) that had been distributed , and I left a message with Sheila Knudsen as soon as I got back to my office on Wednesday night to let her know . They were delivered to Sheila on Thursday morning . Can you verify that Sheila received those from me ? Thanks . --Sally
Please pring attached presentation for me in color . Thanks .
My trading operations team , under the leadership of Mary Solmonson , is sponsoring a working session on Thursday and Friday , June 15 and 16 in the ballroom at the Rice . Mary leads the team that manages Global Databases , our global contract , counterparty and facilities databases that create the common platform that facilitates the consolidation of information for credit aggregation , risk exposure , customer information , feeds to SAP for financial reporting , etc . In addition to managing these databases , Mary has harnessed information from these databases in a new way to create an effective prospecting tool for use by originators and traders . This tool can help measure and increase coverage by industry segments . This project , Entelligence , has been endorsed by Greg Whalley and Jeff Shankman and is currently under development for delivery later this quarter . We invite you to speak to the group of Enron employees from offices worldwide who will attend the working session next week . Please let me know if you are interested and if June 15 or June 16 fits your schedule . Thanks for considering this speaking opportunity .
I didn't know about this one . I'm going to follow up with Brent on this one and I will get back to you in a day or so . We'll save the Scott Mills discussion for a later date ! On another note , I enjoyed lunch today . Let me know when you want to get out of the building again sometime . --Sally
I didn't know that you were talking to Jennifer . I had put her on the list of attendees at last Thursday's meeting with Tom Gros . He had asked about someone being included that had been involved with Enron Online , I felt that she might be perfect to be involved in Networks with her exposure to EOL . I don't know whether or not you realized that she was in the room for that conference call . What is she going to do for you in gas ? We may be hardpressed to find another strong candidate for the Networks project who has been as involved with EOL . --Sally
We have lunch scheduled for June 22 , according to my calendar . I am looking forward to it . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
We willl consider that a rain check . Just let know in a cooler month when you will be around and I know that David will make his schedule work to play . Separately , I didn't get time to speak with you individually when I was in Calgary the last time . If you have a few minutes amidst the SAP training while you are in Houston , I would love to visit face to face to hear from your perspective how your interactions with my Houston operations group are going and to see you have any suggestions on areas of improvement . Just give me a call at x35926 . --Sally
Scott Earnest announced in the staff meeting today that in a meeting he had earlier today with Jeff Shankman and Vince Kaminiski that Jeff announced that he had gotten the nod from Mark Frevert to manage the LNG book of business . ( This sentence structure is bad , but you get the drift. ) That is probably what Shankman has alluded to in terms of increased responsibility . I will assume that is in addition to gas , but I don't know that for sure . Scott has been working on setting up the risk books for LNG , working closely over the last several weeks with Vince Kaminski . We need to talk about this business and the best way to support it . Have you had any conversations with Jeff on this ?
I got the memo from Naomi that you sent . First , who is Doug Imrie ? Does he have a strong background in trading operations ? Will he be able to coordinate effective reviews from a controls perspective , and will he be able to be the front-runner on how MG runs its business so that we will get a jump start on how best to assimilate the business ? I think that this effort should be much broader than deal testing . It should encompass assessing people , processes , controls , systems support , etc . To do this quickly and effectively will require persons who are knowledgeable about daily trading operations . I don't know Naomi's background , but I wonder if she will be the right person to lead one of these efforts since she does not work in operations on a daily basis . Patrick Conner left me a message today to be certain that we are plugged in with an appropriate team from ENA to review the Chicago and New York offices . From the sound of Naomi's memo , it looks as if Andy Cornfield is assume to have the US responsibility . Again , I don't know Andy . Should we circle the wagons and develop a plan for doorstep reviews that includes some others in the process , particularly those that have been involved in some doorstep reviews to date and those that have daily operational experience ? I have also mentioned Shona as a good resource as well .
I hope that your holiday was wonderful . Nikki told me that you would be working from home today , but I decided not to bother you there . I will try to have Patti connect me with you during my commute on Tuesday morning . I start with a 7:30 meeting ( Houston time) , so I should be in my car from 6:30 to about 7:15 . I let Nikki know about a rescheduled date from Rick's PRC last week . I don't think that there had been any widespread communication about the new date of June 27 . Will you still plan to come to Houston next week ? I have scheduled dinner for us on Wednesday evening , assuming that you will still make the trip . Just let me know . Will you also be back for the meeting on June 27 ? Before you left for vacation I had tried to reach you regarding the MG acquisition . That should make life fun for you ! I wanted to talk about resources and how I might be able to help in both the further due diligence efforts and longer term in the assimilation . As in my voice mail , I believe that a doorstep review of trading locations would be critical , both from a controls perspective and from the perspective of an up close view of how they run their business . It seems that might help jump start the plans around how best to assimilate the business . I had suggested my new hire , Shona Wilson , as a potential resource and then there are several of us who have already been involved in doorstep reviews that could be involved both in the US and in other locations . Brent has forwarded a memo to me from Naomi Connell who seems to be formulating a plan for the doorstep reviews . I don't know the names that she mentions ( other than Tani Nath) , and I am sure that she is unaware of additional resources from Houston that could be used . We can hopefully talk about that tomorrow morning .
I interviewed Analyst/Associate candidates in the office on Saturday , as did four other directors/senior directors from Energy Operations . I completed the evaluations of the four candidates that I interviewed and submitted those , but was unable to stay for the decision meeting after lunch due to commitments to attend a funeral . I talked with Ted Bland this morning and he suggested that I provide you with a list of candidates that could be a fit in Energy Operations . Analysts Tara Piazze - potential fit in one of my risk management operations teams Joseph Piotrowski - AA consulting background; would be a good fit for my operations team focused on EOL ( these are ENA employees ) -- I need to add more strength to this group Charles Ames - currently works in back office for a brokerage firm; wants to trade; would like to have him in risk to learn the business and Enron's risk books; we could immediately benefit from his background , while he learns Enron and how we manage risk; then he could add even more value in moving to a trading role , if appropriate Better Fits as Direct Hires ( not analyst or associate , based on work experience and fit ) Mike Perun - VP of small bank; Ted brought him in with my group in mind; two of my directors interviewed him on Saturday; we'd like to consider him as a direct hire Jason Sukenik- Undergrad and masters degrees in accounting , plus MBA; could be good fit as direct hire in as manager/director based on experience Associates Ryan Ngo - I believe that Kevin Presto suggested him for my group Adele Pickens - She's on my list; need to research interviewers comments who suggested my group for an assignment for her ( I don't think that anyone from Energy Operations interviewed him or her ) Jennifer Bagwell - Apparently remarked to two interviewers that she did not want to trade; would like to see if there is a fit for her in managing risk or operations Let me know about next steps in this process . I would be glad to talk about any of this in more depth .
I left a voice mail message for Dave Delainey this morning asking for clarification around the LNG business . As soon as I hear back from him I will let you know , and then based on that info we can decide on best next steps .
We will look forward to seeing you on the 17th . Glad we could work out a date .
Thanks for confirming Mark's participation . Mary Solmonson , one of my direct reports , will be sending information to your attention on the following: Specifics on location of meeting at Rice Hotel Attendee list ( names , titles , operating companies ) Brief background on Mary Solmonson's Global Database Management Group Suggested talking points for Mark's talk Agenda for the meeting We will be sure to get this informaiton to you by Friday of this week , so that you can provide Mark with a copy when he is in the London office on Monday . Thanks for your help--Sally
I meant to send this to you . --Sally
Thanks for the info on your trip . Have a great time -- I will be anxious to hear about the presentation in Natchez . Love , Sally
Buried with Shankman today . I will e:mail you tomorrow .
Hi , Mike . It is almost 2 pm Houston time as I am reading your message , so my hope is that you have already headed home today . I would love to visit with you . Would it work for us to talk at 9 am ( 3 pm London time ) on Friday ? Another good time for us to talk my be during my commute into the office . I would expect to be in my car from about 7:00 to 8:00 am ( Houston time ) tomorrow . My car phone number is 713-417-1591 . A few weeks ago I put together a list of key individuals for you to meet when you do come to Houston . Once you have scheduled a trip , my offer still stands to set up these meetings for you . It may be easier for my assistant to coordate these things in Houston than for you assistant to attempt that from London , given the time difference . I will look forward to speaking with you . I understand that your value in the office is already felt . --Sally
Approved . Please process . Thanks , Sally Beck
I will be out of the office after noon on Friday , June 9 , headed to the hill country to pick up one of my daughters from camp . I will not attend the Friday afternoon meeting . You will be able to reach me on my cell phone , 713-417-1591 , as needed during the afternoon .
This reporting tool looks very useful . I am glad to know that you are managing with this on a regular basis . Do we have a well-defined follow-up process to ensure that the outstanding confirms do go out soon ? This is a great tool to share with other groups that are doing confirmations . It would be nice to have a standard format that all groups would use to track this . Have you shared this with other groups within Energy Operations that are doing confirmations ? I would include Global Products as well . --Sally
I am not close enough to know Bob's exact role within the group to know the impact of the prospect of losing him . I am forwarding this to Brent to get his assessment of the impact . I do know that the number of deals that we do currently has skyrocketed with EOL , so I feel sure that the group is stretched right now . Again , though , Brent would best be able to address this . As you are probably aware , I personnally made the commitment to Bob several years ago to help in managing his workload so that he is available as needed at home for his wife . For Bob's sake , I would want to make sure that he is in a situation where that is understood and appreciated . Thank you for contacting me first before going to Bob . --Sally
They all made me laugh out loud . I am glad that they all were able to get up ! Thanks .
I have heard through the grapevine that you produce a weekly status report on the MG aquisition and assimilation . Would you please include me on that distribution list effective this week ? I believe that it is assumed that Fernley Dyson will have day-to-day responsibility for this business once the aquisition is completed . However , in my role over Global Risk Management Operations , I find myself fielding questions regarding our assessment of operations and any issues surrounding assimilation . Brent Price , who reports to me and is on temporary assignment in the London office , has been keeping me updated on progress to date . His return soon to Houston , however , will create a potential information gap that the weekly status report may help to fill . Thanks in advance to your attention to this .
Bob is a good , solid player . He won't change the world , but he is diligent about getting a prescribed job done . I personally like Bob a lot , and am very interested in making sure that he is in the right role for him . His wife has MS in its most severe stages . He was a manager previously , and we jointly made the decision to reclassify him as a senior specialist in order to reduce the expectations on him in his role at work . He needs to be able to leave work at a very reasonable hour each day in order to relieve a caregiver who is with his wife while he works . I made a personnal commitment to him to make sure that his work load would allow a reasonable and predictable end to his work day , and as long as he is in my group I will personally make sure that works for him . I would hope for him that if he ever considered a change that a new boss would be able to do the same . Danny contacted me about Bob , more from the standpoint of asking me what impact it would have on gas if he moved . I suggested that Brent would be better able to address that . I did tell Danny that the onslaught of EOL transactions has been a challenge for gas confirmations , and I am sure that they are not long on people . I assume that Danny is following up with Brent . --Sally
Thanks for the offer . I will take you up on it . Can you get a list of recent OU grads hired at Enron ? I have the list of summer interns from OU . I thought that I would invite both full time and summer interns to the cookout . I am looking at Sunday , July 30th as possibly the best date -- probably starting about 5:00 in the afternoon . How does that date work for you ? I assume that summer interns will still be with us then . What is your opinion on dates/friends to accompany you ? David will of course be there , and Mike McConnell and his wife will be there if the date works for them . We can make this work either way . Do you think that people would prefer to bring someone along , or simply attend solo . I will take your suggestion on this one . After you get me the list of OU full timers , I will combine it with the list that I have of summer interns and we can make sure that it looks complete . Thanks for the help . --Sally
Enjoy the time off ! Just let us know when that week comes who your in charge person will be . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for your front-end research on this . It's too bad that the training provider can't be as responsive ! In a trading organization , 2 to 3 months is an eternity . Sounds as if they are inflexible as well . Our audience for this training would be risk book adminstrators and traders , so 2 days away from the desk is not very workable either . After I get over my irritation at timing and inflexibility , I may want to book them for September , although with a much smaller audience than would be desireable if they insist on sticking to their 2 day method of delivery . Could I get an outline of their 2 day course to review in order to make this decision ? Thanks . --Sally
Thanks for the response . I will look for your list so that I can send out invitations . --Sally
Looks as if this date will work for Mike McConnell and his wife , too . I thought that I might also invite Ted Jacobs if he plans to be in Houston that weekend . Do you have an e:mail address for him ? Thanks .
I know that Amanda will enjoy seeing you next week . Thanks for making some time for her . Let's definitely schedule a return trip for the two of you with some golf/cart time !
UGH! ! I am happy for you , but know that Enron will be losing as you leave . I am pleased that the opportunity at Reliant is an exciting one for you , and I know that you will do a great job . It has been fun to work with you , Ginger , and I too will miss that . Best of luck to you ! --Sally
FYI - This came as a surprise to me . Didn't know whether or not you knew about GInger's departure . --Sally
Thanks for the update . I want to send her some flowers at the house . Can you let Patti know if she is headed home on Friday ? Thanks . --Sally
Superior Excellent Strong Satisfactory Needs Improv . Issues Directors Todd Hall Susan Harrison Scott Mills Eugenio Perez Bob Superty Sheri Thomas Steve Ventoratos Sr . Directors Kristin Albrecht Mary Solmonson Brenda Herod Leslie Reeves Sheila Glover James Scribner VP Brent Price Peggy Hedstrom
Left these two off original list: Director Stephen Schwarz Satisfactory Sr . Director Steve Jackson Strong
I would like to invite you as University of Oklahoma summer interns to join me for lunch on Friday , June 30 . I have made reservations for 11:45 am at Nino's on West Dallas . I hope that you will be able to attend and can meet me in the Enron lobby at 11:30 . We will provide transporation to and from lunch . Please call me at x35926 as soon as possible to let me know if you can attend . Mike McConnell , Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Enron NetWorks , will join us for lunch . Many of you may have met Mike , a fellow OU grad . He will serve as the Executive Lead for our continuing recruiting efforts at Two other Enron employees will join us for lunch . James Scribner , a Senior Director in ENA Energy Operations , recently joined Enron after seven plus years with a Fortune 500 company in Edmond , Oklahoma . James will be helping us with our OU recruiting efforts . Lexi Elliott , a new recruiter with Enron's Associates and Analysts Program , will be coordinating Enron's recruiting efforts in the future at OU .
Thanks for the input . It is just in time -- I attend Rick Causey's cross functional PRC for Directors and above tomorrow . I think that we have lunch coming up on the calendar on July 6 . I look forward to catching up then . --Sally
Let's book Friday , July 21 for this lunch . I will work on further details . Thanks , Sharron .
It is too late in the day in London for me to catch you by phone today . I will call you tomorrow and would like to throw out an idea regarding an on-going resource for operations in London . If you are comfortable with my idea , then I can discuss it in person with Fernley while he is here this week . We have time on the calendar plus dinner this week .
Since receiving your e:mail message last Monday on your needs in power , I have spent three ( !!! ) full days in PRC meetings since then . I have shared your needs with both Todd Hall and Kristin Albrecht ( my power business controller here in Houston ) and have gotten their thoughts on how we could be of help . Sorry that I keep missing your calls . I will be meeting with Fernley , but I will also try to reach you by phone tomorrow .
There are five summer interns and six recent full-time hires from OU that I will invite to the cookout at my house on Sunday , July 30th . I asked Jody's opinion on whether or not they would like to bring along a guest , and his answer was yes . So I will invite all to bring a spouse/guest . I thought that I would also include Lexi Elliott , the recruiter from the Analyst Program that will be covering OU . Have you decided on the make-up of the recruiting team at OU in the fall ? If so , this might be a good event in which to include them as well . I left you a voice mail message about James Scribner as a potential good member of the team . Let me know your thoughts and I can include anyone else that you would like . I plan to get invitations out to everyone by July 7 .
Attached is Bob Superty's summary of the impact on the late noms today . We do not anticipate any pipeline penalties . On those pipes where the nom type is "Intraday" , there may be some pipeline imbalance created for us to work through . The logistics staff will have a lot of work to do on Thursday morning to contact customers asking them to renom on the pipes where our noms were late . Overall , these pipelines worked well with us today . Let me know if you have any questions . --Sally
I don't think that John Jacobsen should be reviewed in London . Pulp & paper is still an ENA group , even though we have John reporting to you . I would not roll that up under Global Products as it exists today . We did review him in our PRC . For some reason , HR has confused the issue with the Pulp & Paper employees by putting them under Global Products rather than ENA , a step they took I believe without any outside direction . Does this make sense to you ? --Sally
I am not sure that I have a high-resolution photo . Since I'm not sure what that is it probably means that I don't have one ! So we probably do need to schedule a photographer . I will be in the office next week , Wednesday through Friday . Then I will be on vacation the week of July 10th . Let me know when the photographer will come , so that I will know what to wear ! Thanks , and have a great long weekend . --Sally
Welcome to Enron . I'm glad that you made the decision to come here . Hopefully , that decision will feel right to you in a very short period of time ! Look for Kristin Albrecht and Leslie Reeves in power on 31 . They know more about our power business than almost anyone on the floor . They both report to me . Kristin heads risk management and Leslie leads operations . They can help you on any details about our power business . My office is on the 30th floor - EB3015 . Stop by if you get the chance . I will be moving to the 33rd floor during the week of July , actually while I am on vacation . Have a great long weekend . --Sally
End of July should be fine . I am planning to be out July 26 , 27 and 28 , taking our 16 year-old on a tour of some college campuses before she starts her junior year . Motivational , I hope ! --Sally
Attached are my accomplishments for the first half of 2000 . I will also ask my assistant to deliver a hard copy to you on Wednesday , July 5 . Let me know if you have any questions or need more information . Thanks .
Attached are my accomplishments for the first half of 2000 . I should have had these for you on Tuesday for your PRC . Hopefully , better late than never . I am not certain how the coporate-wide PRC process will work in late July for VP's . I have provided a copy of this to Dave Delainey for the ENA PRC which will take place on July 7 . I thought that I would provide you a copy as well . I will also have Patti deliver a hard copy to Sharron next week .
What do these changes do to you ? --Sally
Home and cell phone number are correct . I do not have a pager . --Sally
This looks good . Please send this wherever it should go . Thanks .
Lunch on August 2nd works well for me . I have it on the calendar . I am planning a cook-out at my house on Sunday , July 30th for Enron summer interns from OU and recent hires from OU . Mike McConnell and his wife plan to join us . If you are in Houston , I hope that you will be able to join us too . Probably around 5:00 PM -- invitations should go out in the next few days with specifics . Wanted to get the date on your calendar , however . Let me know if you will be in town . --Sally
As mentioned , I will be out on vacation next week . This contact list should be helpful if you need anything while I am out . --Sally
Just a reminder about my being on vacation next week . I also wanted to let you know that I gave your names as contacts while I am out ! --Sally
Just wanted to let you know where we will be over the next week . I am still at the office hoping to get away before dinner so that I can head home and pack . I will call when we are back in Houston on Sunday , July 16 . Mom and Dad , hope that you have fun if you are going on your trip ! Love , Sally Saturday , July 8 , 2000 Holiday Inn - Covington , LA Telephone: 504-893-3580 Sunday - Saturday AM July 9-15 , 2000 Sandestin Resort Telephone: 850-267-4300 Saturday PM ,  July 15 , 2000 Holiday Inn - Lafayette , LA Telephone: 800-942-4868 SALLY'S CELL PHONE: 713-417-1591 DAVID'S CELL PHONE: 713-299-1436
I heard from Andrew regarding the status of a business continuity plan . Attached is a short presentation that he sent me that I thought you would like to see . Any interest in meeting with Andrew to get more detail ? I plan to get with him . Let me know and I will be glad to set something up .
Brenda: I mentioned to Tom that I will be on vacation the week of July 10 , so I will not attend the July 12th meeting . Please remind him of that . Thanks . Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Just a reminder for Monday to get this for me . Too bad they didn't deliver these ! Thanks . --Sally
Today was the final ENA PRC . Relative ranking results up through the Senior Director level are final . You and your management team can begin the process of giving performance reviews to your employees . I spoke with Sheila Walton today to inquire about an expected time frame for completing and conducting the employee reviews . She indicated that the target completion date should be the end of July . Promotions will be effective August 1st . It is Dave Delainey's intent to announce ENA promotions sometime after he returns from vacation on July 24 . This drives the end of July target completion date for reviews . I do not yet know if Delainey wants all ENA promotions to be announced in a single memo , or if each group within ENA will prepare such a memo . I will keep you updated on this as I get direction from him . Please note the following change since our Energy Operations PRC in June . In order to place focus on the qualitative feedback during this mid-year review process , we will not share performance clusters with employees when conducting their reviews . It is very important for all of us to be consistent in this process , so please communicate this to all in your groups who will be giving performance reviews . It is important to note , however , that the content of an employee's review should be consistent with our view of that employee's relative ranking . In other words , an employee in the Satisfactory category should not be given a review that simply states that the employee is doing a great job . Clearly , a large number of employees performed at a higher level than those employees in the Satisfactory category , so the feedback to that employee should include some specific areas of improvement needed in order for the employee to make a stronger impact in the organization , help you achieve the groups goals , etc . Also please note the following: Performance reviews for anyone in the Satisfactory , Needs Improvement or Issues categories must be reviewed by HR prior to these reviews being given to the employees . This will ensure that our feedback is commensurate with the relative performance of that employee . ( This has been the stated process for the bottom two categories , and we are adding Satisfactory to this process as well. ) Please remember to include a more experienced member of your management team , yourself , or an HR professional in reviews being conducted by inexperienced members of your management team , or those management team members where you have a concern over their ability or willingness to deliver candid and perhaps tough performance feedback . I believe that we have spent some time in identifying these situations . I ask your help to ensure that we follow through on this commitment . Thanks for all of your efforts in making this mid-year PRC process a meaningful one . It is Dave Delainey's intent to announce It if 0
Please join us for an informal lunch on Friday , July 21st in the dining room in EB50M . Rick Causey , Enron's executive lead for the Analyst Program , and David Haug , Enron's executive lead for the Associates Program , have been invited to join us as well . We are interested in renewing acquaintances with those of you whom we met on campus and in getting to know those of you whom we did not see in the interview process . We hope that you are enjoying your summer assignments at Enron and we look forward to the opportunity to visit over lunch . Please let me know by return e:mail if you will be able to attend the lunch .
Rob: Let me know if you get feedback from AEC that does not indicate that they are getting what they need . Susan and Bryce are both very capable and responsive , so I am confident that AEC's questions can be resolved quickly . --Sally
Thanks for the update . I am confident that with leadership from you and attention from Bryce that AEC will be satisfied soon . --Sally
I will be hosting a cookout at my home for OU summer interns , recently hired OU grads and the OU recruiting team on Sunday , July 30th in the late afternoon . More details will follow soon , but I wanted to let you know the date so that you can hold this on your calendar . I will look forward to hopefully seeing all of you there . And my husband will be glad to be surrounded by many fellow Sooners !
Today's ENA PRC was a pre-ranking session for VP's . All VP's will be reviewed at an Enron-wide PRC scheduled for early August . Representatives at that Enron PRC from ENA will be Janet Dietriech , Dave Delainey , John Lavorato and Greg Piper . They will use information from today's ENA PRC meeting in representing you at the Enron-wide VP PRC . I have provided copies of your accomplishments and consolidated supervisor feedback forms to Dave Delainey for reference during that process . Your reviews will be given after the Enron-wide VP PRC , and will not be completed before the end of July . I will schedule an August date with you for your review as soon as I know the exact date of the final PRC meeting . Separately , you both should sign up for the Executive Influence and Impact course that is required of VP's . I thought that the course was very good . All VP's are strongly encouraged to complete this course . It is a 2 or 3 day course that is offered every month or two here in Houston . I would contact Dick Amiable to inquire on how to sign up for this .
James , I didn't see your name on the distribution for this so I'm forwarding it to you . Patti
Per Sally's instructions - I am forwarding this document to you . Patti x39106
Thanks for the note . I had received a copy of the Consolidated Supervisor ? Evaluation Form . Today I also met with Jim and he provided me with his ? bullet points on your accomplishments and strengths , as well as your summary ? of accomplishments for the period . If there is anything else that you think ? would be helpful for me to have , please let me know . ? ?I will be in my office ( EB3015 ) between 5:00 and 6:00 today and Tuesday ? without scheduled meetings . If you would like to stop by so that I can put a ? name and face together , please feel free to do so . This is my first day back ? in the office after vacation , so I have a lot of catching up to do , but I ? would be glad to visit with you for a while . --Sally ? ????Nicole Palczer@ENRON COMRow/Enron Communications@Enron Communications ? Subject: PRC Meeting??Sally , ? ?Jim Row , my supervisor , let me know that you would be representing me at the ? PRC meeting on Wednesday . I believe Jim's summary of my performance should ? offer a very good overview , but if you have any further questions for me , ? please feel free to call.??Many thanks,?Nicole? ?
This is my first day back from vacation . We need to augement e:mail so that requests sent when someone is on vacation can be routed elsewhere if urgent . This is request is approved . Why are there so many different formats for granting systems access ? Some have an approval button , some don't . You requested a return e:mail . It seems as if each time I look at one of these it is different . The status button and detail button below contain no information .
Today's Enron-wide Associates PRC meeting has been cancelled . It was scheduled to start at 1:30 today , following the Analysts PRC . Apparently , the Analysts PRC is running long . Since both meetings were scheduled for the same location and with Joe Sutton as the chair , the Associates PRC has been cancelled . I do not yet have a rescheduled date . I will let you know when I do . I am also sending an e:mail message to the Associates that I am representing so that they will informed of the cancellation . Thanks for taking the time to meet or talk with me about the performance of your respective associate in preparation for the PRC .
Today's Associates PRC meeting that was to begin at 1:30 has been cancelled and will be rescheduled for a date yet to be determined . Both the morning Analyst PRC meeting and the Associates PRC meeting were scheduled for the same location and with Joe Sutton as chair . The Analysts PRC meeting is apparently running very long , so someone from the program office called to cancel the Associates PRC meeting for this afternoon . I will let you know as soon as I know a rescheduled date . In preparation for today's PRC meeting , I was able to meet in person with most of your supervisors to get input on your job responsiblities , accomplishments and performance . For those that were unavailable for a meeting , we managed a phone call or at least a series of voice mails to accomplish the same thing . I also have any materials that you may have provided to your supervisor for the mid-year review process , as well as copies of the internal feedback that was gathered through the PEP system . With this delay in the meeting date , I have the time to ask for a copy of your resume . The PRC process clearly focuses on your performance specifically from January through June 2000 . However , it would be helpful to me in representing you to at least be familiar with your backgrounds . Please e:mail a copy to me or you can send a hard copy to EB3015 . A couple of you have come by my office to meet with me . I would also be happy to put a name and face together for others of you or to talk by phone if you are not in Houston . My extension is 35926 .
Thanks for including me . Congratulations on Emily . I know that you and she will be getting used to one another over the next few weeks , and that sleep will definitely be a scarce commodity . Those first few weeks can be both wonderful and terrible at the same time . Savor the baby stage as much as you can , and before you know it Emily will be cooing and responding to you in a way that makes all of the sleepless nights just melt away . Enjoy your new role as mom -- it is a wonderful , life-long experience ! --Sally
I have been traveling on business and also have just returned from vacation , so I have not yet seen the proposal that you referenced . I will hopefully discover it as I go through my inbox in the next few days .
How do we get the right focus on support for Calgary ? Mark Taylor wanted to hold up transferring confirm responsibility to Calgary , so we still need to provide excellent service to them . While I can appreciate that Diane is out , that should actually be a red flag to us to pay even closer attention to the Calgary stuff . Every screw up looks big to them , and they can't understand how mistakes continue to happen . While I know that they can't appreciate the vast number of transactions that the group is currently handling , we still need to be able to deliver top notch service . Unfortunately , we stub our toe enough with Calgary that they view of our operation is one that delivers pretty poor to average service . That is a terrible internal PR issue . Let's put our heads together on not just the confirm issue but all of our dealings with Calgary so that we quickly turn around our error rate ( and/or their perceptions ) and can sustain excellent service . I am copying Susan because she has dealt recently with an issue brought to our attention by Rob Milnthorp ( president of Enron Canada) . She responded to Rob quickly and handled things professionally , so she may not have shared the details with you at the time . But now we need to look at all of our outstanding , potential or past issues with Calgary and get a solution in place . She can fill you in on the details in that situation . Susan: Do you have any ideas on how we can reshape our image with Calgary ?
I got your message and I have asked Brent to get with me when he is back in the office on Friday (  he has been in New York re: MG since Monday night) . Together we will do two things: ( 1 ) devise a foolproof plan to insure an excellent level of service to Calgary starting immediately , and ( 2 ) work with Mark Taylor to understand his concerns over the movement of confirmation preparation to Calgary and to eliminate his concerns . We will keep you posted on both items . --Sally
FYI - My reply to Peggy
Sounds like fun , and you are definitely planning ahead !
The following persons will be in attendance at 11:30 am in EB50M on July 21st for lunch , in addition to the two of you: Enron Employees: Shawn Cumberland - President and COO , CALME ( UT BBA; UT JD ) Sally Beck - VP , ENA and Global Risk Management Operations ( UT BBA; UT MBA ) David Mitchell - Associate ( recent grad - UT MBA ) Jennifer Martinez - Associate ( recent grad - UT MBA ) Luis Mena - Analyst ( recent UT grad ) Catherine Pernot ( recent UT grad ) Lexi Elliott - Analyst Program - UT Recruiter Christy Young - Associate Program - UT Recruiter UT Summer Associates: Steven Luong Michelle Sandner Adam Thomas UT Summer Analysts: Brenton Baxter Matt Davis Eric Efron Katherine Jett Jiyeon Kim Joanna Li Dana Lipp Amy Mohan Denise Olson Neil Rajan Angelique Woods Thanks for making the time to attend . This should be a great opportunity to meet with these UT students as they near the end of their summer internships with Enron .
FYI
We have a new date - Monday , July 24th beginning at 9:00 am . I will contact your supervisors after the PRC meeting to let them know the final results . Your supervisor will give your performance review and will be able to summarize the feedback received through the PEP system during the review . Thanks for providing your resumes . I will feel more informed during the process .
The Associates PRC meeting has been rescheduled for Monday , July 24th at 9:00 am . I have also sent an e:mail message to the associates letting them know about the new date .
I will be in the Chicago office on Monday , July 31 . I will be sorry to miss a lunch at Brennan's ! Enjoy it without me . --Sally
I will be out of the office from Wednesday , July 26 through Friday , July 28 . I am taking my older daughter on a preliminary look at colleges . I will have my cell phone with me -- the number is 713-417-1591 . My assistant , Patti Thompson , will have hotel phone numbers where I can be reached as well . The following persons will be key contacts for trading operations while I am out: Natural Gas Operations Brent Price x37647 ( 7/31 & 8/1: Steve Jackson Power Operations Stacey White x31870 ( 7/31 & 8/1: Kristin Albrecht Financial Products Operations Sheila Glover x33210 Coal , Pulp & Paper , LNG Scott Earnest x31746 Weather Todd Hall x31957 DPR Mike Moscoso x35242 MPR David Maxwell x316983 I will be working in ENA's and MG's Chicago offices on Monday and Tuesday , July 31 and August 1 . Patti has contact numbers for me at both offices . Key contacts in Houston are those listed above , with changes noted for Gas and Power Operations on July 31 and August 1 . I will be back in the Houston office on Wednesday , August 2 .
FYI - I will be out of the office for the two meetings on Wednesday this week . I will be working in Chicago Monday and Tuesday next week . I will be back in the office on Wednesday of next week . Todd tells me that a logo has been selected . Can you e:mail that to me ? If not available electronically , I will see it when I am back in the office next Wednesday . If no one has stepped in to a look at hours spent on the confirmation process and opportunities that may be presented there , I will do that when I am back in the office next week . My first move will be to sit down with Jeff Sorenson who leads the confirmation group to put some meat around the hours that James Scribner sent you . When we look at numbers of confirmations and compare several months of data we will be better able to identify which activities were stressed by increased business and which activities seemed to absorb increased business more easily . I also think that Jeff will be the best source of information about ideas on streamlining , opportunities to simply life at Enron and perhaps create value externally . All of the advances made over the last several years ( auto-confirm , the DECAF system , auto-faxing , digitized signatures , document scanning , etc . )  in our confirm group have been ideas generated by the business group and led by them for implementation . No doubt , Jeff has some good ideas on where to go next .
Did you mean to send that e:mail to me ? It was Greek to me , and I assume that the Sally it was meant for was that Sally Conover . Feels like a Monday , doesn't it ? --Sally
Can't remember at this point what the question was ! Thanks for following up -- I will call you if I remember . --Sally
The Associates PRC was completed on Monday , July 24 . As the PRC rep , I will communicate the final ranking from the PRC process to your supervisor . I received a copy of the rankings from Charlene on Friday while I was on vacation . I will be communicating the final rankings to each Associate's supervisor today . It is your supervisor who will the one be to give you your performance review and the ranking . In your case , I would guess that Jean and your new supervisor will have to work out which one ( or both ) will do your review . --Sally
This was great -- and I saw myself in a number of these! ! It must be too long -- but that is who I am right now ! --Sally
Hope that the trip goes well . It should be interesting to look at that business . Keep me posted . --Sally
To give you more clarity , Stephen transferred to EBS effective July 1 , 2000 . His move to EBS was agreed to earlier in 2000 , with the understanding that it would be effective upon the completion of the SAP implementation for ENA on July 1 . Stephen was playing a critical role in ENA to insure a smooth transition for SAP , and Todd Lindholm at EBS was in agreement that Stephen would remain an ENA employee through implementation , with his performance review being based on his work for ENA . Stephen is very talented and will no doubt do a great job at EBS . During the first 6 months of 2000 , however , his heart was already at EBS and he failed to communicate with my other direct reports on SAP issues , consistently missed my staff meetings , recruited our other key SAP expert to EBS without a back-up plan for ENA , etc . It was his failure to make his SAP assignment a priority that landed him in the Needs Improvement category relative to other directors on my team . It is the r elativity of his performance that is key , not necessarily the label of that category .
Kristin will be working for EBS at the time of this class , reporting to Barry Pearce . Please contact Kristin or Barry for the appropriate RC within EBS to charge for the fee for this class . If you charged ENA at the time of enrollment , please reverse that charge . Thanks .
Requesting update access for what ? ( can't tell from this request what it is that you want me to approve ) Is this request for Sheila Glover or Rebecca Ford ? ( unclear ) Next to Sheila's name is the word Trader . Is this supposed to be her title ? She is not a trader . She is a Business Controller . Can you provide some clarification so that I can act upon this ? Thanks for your earlier phone message , Leola . This is still a bad process and the information is not sufficient to give an approval .
I left you a return voice mail regarding Scott . Let me know if I did not understand the role that you are trying to fill . I hope that Jo likes Dr . Moore . I thought that everyone in his office was so warm and friendly .
FYI
Yeah! ! Yes , staff meeting is 2:30 to 3:30 on Mondays in EB3014 - convenient for you at this point .
The United Way Executive Solicitiation is underway . You should have received an e:mail message about a week or ten days ago which let you know that you this year pledges should be made on line . Mark Frevert reminded everyone at today's ENA staff meeting to complete their pledges by Tuesday , August 8 . If you have not already done so , I would encourage you to complete your pledges before Tuesday . Patti Thompson can tell you where to go on line to do this . Peggy: United Way may not apply in Canada , so ignore this if not appropriate .
There is a problem with this process . When Sally goes to website & enters her ID & password , steve.beck comes up - not sally.beck . Until this is fixed , she will be unable to process these requests . Please either fix this or find another way for her to approve . Thanks , Patti x39106 ( Sally Beck's Assistant )
It was great to see a friendly face ! Don't ever hesitate to wave or stop in and say hello . Can you believe that I had been on the 30th floor since the summer of 1994? ! I know that sets some kind of record at Enron! ! It is kind of fun to be up here . The appreciation for the jobs that we do in operations has grown over the last several years , thanks to the hard work of you and so many others . My family is doing great . The children start school tomorrow . Meagan will be a junior in high school -- we took a brief trip with her this summer for an early look at some colleges . It will be a big year for Amanda -- she starts junior high in 6th grade . And Tyler would tell you proudly that he is "two and a half" . What a delight he continues to be! ! I know that Erin has worked hard . I hope that she and her husband are doing well . --Sally
I can't shed any light on the topic choice . Surely you can redirect the topic . Brent may have more info . --Sally
Is there a person who can attach a name and number to this request ? I receive many requests daily and I have yet to any two alike . Makes it tough on someone to act on these , especially when sent with a name . When I click on the address included in this message , someone else's name comes up ( Steve Beck) . I don't know who you are , what you want me to do , or if you even have the right person .
Can you help me on this ? Can you give me the name of someone who sends messages from ARSystem@ect.com ? To make matters even more frustrating , when I tried to e:mail back to get some clarification , I got a message that said my e:mail was undeliverable . No contact name , no phone number , and no ability to e:mail back . I'm stuck! ! Thanks . --Sally
To all Energy Operations employees: ENA has experienced extraordinary growth thus far in 2000 . I am especially proud of the accomplishments of Energy Operations in supporting this growth . I wanted to express my appreciation for all the hard work and dedication that you have demonstrated . We have done great work and I want to recognize you for that . Although we have done much , we have additional goals to accomplish within ENA and Energy Operations this year . Therefore , as we go forward , I want to make sure that you have all the necessary tools to do the best possible job , and that any barriers that may impede your work are removed . To help in this effort , I have asked a consulting organization -- S.J . Bashen Corporation -- to survey our organization; to "take its pulse" if you will; to help us understand what in our environment fosters success and where we could improve; in essence , to assist us in acquiring the "necessary tools" and breaking down any "barriers." SJBC is comprised of seasoned consultants who assist organizations like ours to help on issues like this . SJBC will meet with members of our group in a private setting where we can highlight our successes , discuss our concerns , ask our questions , make our comments , and the like . This collective information then is studied by SJBC with the goal of providing us an opinion regarding our strengths and weaknesses . Specific input will not be identified by the individual who provided that input . Many of you will be receiving a phone call in the near future from a SJBC consultant . Please schedule a time to participate at your earliest opportunity , as this effort will be a success for our group only if we cooperate to the fullest extent . Of course , given the size of our group , it will not be possible to meet with each of you . Therefore , if you have not received a call from SJBC by August 15 but would like to share your thoughts with them , please feel free to contact Cheryl Brown at 713.780.8056 and Cheryl will be glad to include you in our survey . Communication is one of Enron's core values . I want to stress that only through open communication will this survey be a success . Please be candid . Thank you . Sally
Great job , as usual , on the United Way kick off today . I saw Amy Leeand Eylesse Kalmans as I left the Hyatt and I told them . Please pass the kudos along to the rest of your team . The theme was timely , the staging was great , the questions on the gameshow were even educational for newer Enron employees , giving a little histsory and folklore about Enron . ( I knew the I especially enjoyed the breakfast at Depelchin last Friday . Their programs are important to all of us and the tour was very moving as we met some of the children in the shelter .
Can you arrange with Bobbi ? Thanks .
David is doing well , too . He is working contract , having quit Burlington Resources about a year ago so that his work schedule could be more flexible . Yes , Tammy is still with us . We marked our 10 year anniversary with her in March , except for that six month period when she was with her dad in Kentucky . I truly am blessed . --Sally
Not surprisingly , the organization is moving faster than Rick Buy's vacation schedule . Our meeting is set with Mark Frevert , Rick Buy , you and me on August 28 -- two weeks from next Monday , dictated by Rick Buy's schedule . I am concerned that waiting that long to get with Mark to discuss the potential formalization of a global risk management operations role will put us behind the curve . Mike McConnell and Jeff Shankman plan to release a memo tomorrow on the structure of the Global Markets team , which will include a discussion on Brent's role and reporting responsibilities . Brent and Scott Earnest are flying to London next Monday evening to spend the remainder of the week in that office to iron out details on supporting the global markets businesses . Many of their discussions will be with Mike Jordan and some logical points will be raised around co-ordination between EEL and EGM . In a conversation with Gary Hickerson on Tuesday regarding his business , he stated that he wanted to be sure that I had responsibility over London operations , as he will have support personnel in London and wants to be certain that efforts are coordinated . Separately , Jeff Shankman said that he was certainly comfortable with Brent in the Operations/CAO role but that he wanted Brent to report to me to ensure consistency , access to support resources and logic around systems issues that cut across the ocean . I told him that you and I had had discussions about a more formalized role to encompass responsibility for London and that we had a meeting planned with Mark Frevert on August 28 . That's a lifetime to a trader , and Jeff said he hoped that we could nail that down before the end of the month . What are your thoughts about an earlier meeting with Mark Frevert ? The summary of doorstep findings can be finalized early next week . I have checked Mark's travel schedule . He will be in the Houston office next week , with Thursday , August 17 as the best day to potentially schedule a meeting . I am not trying to rush this process , yet I know that by the end of August much will have been decided around coordinating between ENA , EGM and EEL operations . I would like to be in a position to help guide those decisions , rather than arrive at the party late .
Do we have these numbers for Hector ?
Thanks for copying me on this . It is interesting to see your thoughts . I suggested that Tom visit with both you and Mike while he was in London . I told Mike that I support many of the ideas of CommodityLogic . However , I also told him about my two dark-side fears: ( 1 ) that IT resources reporting to Networks would make it even more difficult to get the attention on projects that we need , and ( 2 ) taken to the extreme , that this concept would disinsent operations personnel from coming up with creative solutions to managing the growth of the business if all good ideas are swept away to this special team for them to handle . Part of the fun in operations is improving things , and I would hate to rob some of our most knowledgeable people of the chance to implement creative business solutions .
That was always one of my favorites ! The old Parent Trap is always great too , I wish that I could be there . I know that Brigeda must be excited about the slumber party . When does she start school ? Today is day #2 for the girls --Amanda loves her classes . Meagan thought that the first day "sucked" . I have been on the phone with her counselor and assistant principal this morning trying to undo a bad decision that she made on her class selection . Despite annual struggles with algebra and geometry , she signed up for both Physics and Pre-Calc!! ! I don't know what she was thinking! ! Amazingly , for a school as large as Klein , I was persuasive enough with the assistant principal that they will ignore the July 22 deadline for changing your schedule and they will let her drop Physics and add a study hall . She still will take Pre-Calc , but she is in a regulars class that will be a review of Algebra II during the first semester , which is probably exactly what she needs . I was prepared to go all the way to the school board if necessary to get her a schedule that makes sense , but luckily I didn't have to go that far . Hope that you have a good weekend ! Love , sally
The employee for whom access if requested is not an employee of Energy Operations . I would assume that with his supervisor listed as Ed Baughman , that he is in a commercial origination group . Someone else should be reviewing and approving this .
Definitely clever ! I wish that I had thought of the changing the clock thing when the girls were younger and had slumber parties . I didn't know that there were computer games that work on higher level math skills . I will definitely look into that for Meagan . I wish that we could meet for lunch . Keep me posted on Cara -- I have called her a little more frequently lately in hopes that she would spill the beans , but no movement on that yet ! I think that next week we will know the schedule of games when Meagan will be dancing . She did not make the dance for the first try-out . It was jazz; not her strong suit . But she did make the dances for the next two try-outs: a kick rountine and a pom routine . There are two more try outs -- one more for kick and one more for pom . Hopefully she will make both . Each routines is danced at two games -- one at home and one away . So if she makes the next two dances , then she will be in 8 out of 10 dances for the football season . I think that she would feel pretty good about that . The last two try-outs will be next week . I will keep you posted . Have a great weekend . Love , Sally
I think that you and Allan misunderstood the request from Nelson Wu . If you look at his resume , is already with Enron as an Associate . His e:mail to Allan Sommer seems to indicate that he is interested in a rotation in Allan's group . Normally , I think that associates talk directly with someone in a group in which they may have an interest . I don't think that HR gets involved in this process . I am not sure how I got into this loop . It seems that if Allan has an interest in having an Associate do a rotation in his group then he should talk with Nelson . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Life is busy at Enron and I literally receive hundreds of e:mails every week . This is not the best way to communicate with me on priority issues . I have looked at your proposal and would be interested in learning more . Can you provide more details beyond your presentation ? What is your background and experience ? Can you provide information on your company ?
FYI: Rick agreed with the attached note that I sent him . By voice mail , I suggested Ted Murphy as a substitute for Rick Buy for the meeting . We are set for next Thursday , August 17 at 11:45 in Rick Causey's office over lunch . I am meeting with Ted this afternoon to fill him in on the purpose of the meeting and to be certain that I have his support . Rick Causey suggested citing some of the items in my memo to him when we get with Frevert . Any words of wisdom or suggestions for the meeting ? Hope that everything is fun and relaxing in Maine . --Sally
I have been able to move up the meeting with Mark Frevert regarding responsibility for operations for ENA , EGM and EEL to Thursday , August 17 instead of August 28 . I will keep you posted . I met with Brent's direct reports yesterday afternoon and announced Brent's new role . I will have three persons leading the natural gas team: Steve Jackson , Leslie Reeves and Bob Hall . I am confident that this will work well .
I am sorry that you won't be here to join us for the lunch for Kristin . It was a trick getting a date that worked for her schedule and mine . Since this is her last official week with ENA , I did want to do this before she starts her new assignment . --Sally
Thanks for the update on Dad . Keep me posted on what you hear . No , I didn't get the message that Cara had called . With almost two teenagers in the house , my personal messages fall very far down the list in importance ! I will e:mail her today and maybe we can talk tonight if she can't talk from work . --Sally
Around midnight last night as I was creating our calendar for the week , I ran through the incoming calls on caller ID to find the piano teacher's number . I think that I saw yours . Did I miss you sometime this weekend ? With almost two teenagers in the house , my personal messages have dropped very far down the list in importance . I an never quite sure that I get messages that anyone calls ! Feel free to call me at work , or I can try to catch you during my commute tonight again . Hope you had a good weekend . Ours involved homework , shoe shopping and continuing the search for new clothes . Our friend Mo was in town from London and had burgers with us on Saturday night . --Sally
Can you join me at this meeting ? I plan to talk with Tom Gros tomorrow to let him know that you will be the liasion with CommodityLogic for Energy Operations . Then I thought that we could both attend this next meeting as a transition . Then it's on your calendar after that !  --Sally
As a result of the creation of the Global Markets business in the last few days , I would add the following persons to the attendee list for the ASE in Dallas: Brent Price VP Operations and CAO , Global Markets Tom Myers Director of Accounting , Global Markets Brent is in London this week , and will be on vacation the week of August 21 . With the demands of a new role , Brent will be best able to address the feasibility of one or both of them attending .
Should have sent you a copy of this.. .
Please put this on my calendar . I assume that this every other week meeting will replace the weekly Friday meeting . Thanks .
Thanks for taking the time to give me your input on the analyst program . It will help to have that info in my meeting on Friday .
As we said before , I would like to be able to utilize Todd Hall for special projects from time to time . I had mentioned to Mike Jordan that once Todd completed his CommodityLogic role that I thought that we could take some of his time to follow up on Continental Power issues , which could fit nicely with some work he could do on Weather in Europe . I don't know about the one month timeframe . I would prefer that Todd review the initiatives and determine the best way to proceed . It might mean a couple of weeks over there for starters , and then a follow up , shorter trip a few weeks later . I don't think that Todd is keen on any elongated stays in Europe , particularly without the family . Can we still use Todd ? 
Todd is completing his short-term role on the CommodityLogic team , and it is my hope that he will be able to provide some help for you after that is completed , while also working in his role with Weather . I have sent a message to Brent and I am sure that we will talk . --Sally
I will be there ! --Sally
I got your voice mail message and I understand your concerns around Todd's time . I think we have it backwards for James to dictate how and when Todd's help would be needed . I think that we can review the "to do" list from James and get back with him on how much of that we can help with , who would do it , what the timing would be , how we might suggest organizing and prioritizing the work , etc . As I said originally , I knew that Todd would not be interested ( nor available ) for a month's worth of work . Todd's tendency ( remember this with weather , too ) is to think that he has to do all of the work himself . He has had enough experience that his organization , guidance and leadership can be very valuable without his doing all of the work himself . If James' list looks long and involved , how could Todd lead these efforts , what kind of team might he ask James to provide , what additional short-term resources might we be able to tap into in Houston , etc . We have to think a little out of the box to offer a potential solution to James . If you are willing , I would be glad to explore this with Todd and challenge him to think about how he could provide leadership to the effort , but not do all of the work . I want him to think like a consultant on these projects , not as the contracted hired help ! Let me know what you think . --Sally
Sorry that I missed you this morning . I attended that last Financial Council meeting on SAP this morning just prior to my lunch meeting with Mark Frevert and Rick Causey . Nothing substantial came up on Helsinki , so it was fine that we didn't get to talk today . I had wanted to be prepared on how to address out current activities there . So I can get an update on that when we talk tomorrow . I have a meeting on the analyst and associates program from 9:00 to 10:00 tomorrow . I will call you around 10:00 when I get back from that meeting .
I have this on my calendar . At this point , I do not plan to bring anyone else to the meeting . --Sally
Please print the attachment below for me in color . Thanks .
I like the trip idea better than a party , personally , so I am glad that Mom and Dad seemed to like that alternative . And in June , I think that the mountains sound great . I have a preference for Western mountains -- big , open sky ( Grand Tetons could be great) , but if Mom pictures North Carolina as the spot I am sure that we can find something good . We were in Ashville a couple of years ago , which was very near the Blue Ridge . We stayed at a place that was supposed to be terrific , but we did not care for it . I am sure that there are other places in the area to research . There may also be some spots around Charlottesville , also just off the Blue Ridge . I think that some people from here have vacationed in that area , so I will ask around and see if there are any good suggestions . In magazines , I have seen pictures of places in Tennessee and Georgia (  I guess they do have mountains ) that look nice . I will see if I can find the names of those places . Thanks for pursuing this with Mom and Dad . --Sally
I didn't have this on my calendar , Lexi , because I wasn't on the list for this event that you handed out regarding the recruiting strategy . My husband has a commitment away from home for Wednesday night , and with the children in school already , I can't really ask the older kids to babysit for the two year-old during prime homework hours . Patti has some names that I have suggested for this event and she plans to call you with those names . Very few of the names on your e:mail message were on the Recruiting Strategy Schedule that you handed out , so I would be surprised if any of these folks have this on their calendars . You may need some of the names that Patti has for you . I have put the other dates on my calendar , however , and I am in the process of lining those up with our home schedule to make sure that these will work for me . Enron North America Corp .
If you absolutely can not find enough of the right players to go on the cruise , let me know . My husband is scheduled for a baseball game on Wednesday night . If I could find some Diamond level tickets for another day for him , he might consider giving up his tickets for Wednesday night . This is a last resort sort of measure , however , so I hope that you find success in response from others . But do let me know.. .
Same time , same place -- just not as often ! I would like to maintain management team meetings on Monday afternoons from 2:30 to 3:30 in EB3014 . My plan is to alternate weeks for ENA and EGM meetings . There are a few direct reports , whose work extends across ENA and EGM , who will attend both meetings . Today was the ENA Management Team meeting . Next Monday , August 28 will be the first meeting with the EGM management team . I will look forward to staying current with each one of you and Brent on the growth and challenges of the businesses within Enron Global Markets . I have asked Patti to cancel one-on-one meetings that we had scheduled on the calendar going forward . Although this new structure changes the direct line reporting relationship , I will continue to be very interested in the professional development of each of you . I hope that we can schedule time together on an as needed basis .
This was sent for my approval . The manager listed below does not work in Energy Operations . This should be sent to someone else for approval .
Thanks for the follow up . Please move forward with this offer with the sign on payment . Thanks . Enron North America Corp .
Please print the attachment for me in color (  I have to put that burnt orange on my bulletin board) , put this event on my calendar and research flight information for me . I would fly over on the afternoon of the 7th and back on the morning of the 8th . Check with Karen to see if she is handling hotel reservations , or if we should make those . Thanks .
Was Lisa a recent hire that Susan Harrison brought in ? I don't immediately recognize her name , but wonder if that's who this is . Also , I left you a message about Bob Klein's resignation , as I learned from Jeff Sorenson . I am sure that Jeff has communicated this to you . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
I met with Karen Marshall today . She is in the Community Relations group and is organizing the dinner on September 7th . I suggested that she add to the invitation list the other interviewers this year for the scholarships ( Roger Ondreko and Gene Humphrey) , Brent Price and Loftis Fitzwater ( one of last year's scholarhip recepients who started with us as an Associate this summer) . I have also volunteered to coordinate with the University on appropriate attendees , as some of Karen's info is dated and she does not know people at the school . I will keep you posted . --Sally
Yes , Harold Powell is providing the clothes for the show . Beverly Scott , with Harold Powell , is coordinating and commentating . She offered to call all the girls to set times for them to come in and choose outfits . I was planning to do that as a go-between , but when she offered to coordinate that I decided to take her up on it . She just moved her daughter back to Baylor , so she was to begin calling the girls on Monday this week ( I had given her a list of names and numbers) . I talked with Linda Smithey this morning and she had not heard from Beverly yet , either , so I am concerned that she hasn't called everyone on the list . I took Meagan in on Monday night to choose outfits , and Beverly had some great ideas on music , commentary , etc. , so I know that she is working on it . Just a little more slowly than I would like ! I have a call in to her to see if I need to take some time from work today and make calls . Why don't you call Beverly directly today and just coordinate a time for Jenny to go by . Her number at work is 281-444-0751 .
I will be at the meeting on the 24th .
Beth Perlman tells me that you are in charge on this system . It does not work . I thought that this was going to be corrected last week . I am confused about why we are using a system that does not work . I understand that there are bugs in the system . Was the system tested before being put into production ? I tried to reach you by phone . You were unavailable and I could not leave a voice mail because that was full . I talked with Torey Hayden and verbally okayed the access for Bob Hall . Please call me and let me know when the system will be working correctly and how you are going to manage these approvals in the interim while the system is not functioning . You might at least put a contact name and number on these things if you are going to continue to send these out before the system is fixed . My number is 35926 . I look forward to hearing from you on solutions and timing .
Glad you got some rain . We are still doing lots of watering on the yard . No water rationing in our area yet , but it has been put in place in many areas in and around Houston . I have to be in Austin for a presentation and reception late afternoon on September 5 , so I thought that it would be fun to try to come earlier and have lunch for your birthday . I haven't made flight reservations yet , but I am sure that I can work it to be at the University Club by 12:15 . Looks as if the whole family will go to Hallettsville on the 9th . David and I will enjoy the drive , and I am sure that the girls will enjoy the sleep on the way over !
On Sunday , the new Fortune magazine was a roadway for my two-year old's cars . On Monday , my sixteen year-old used the cover to cut out pictures of money for a school project . Last night , the magazine made it into my hands around midnight when everything at home was settled in for the night . What a nice article ! I smiled while reading it . How nice to see your accomplishments recognized in print . Congratulations . I hope that you have plenty of copies for your mom and dad . --Sally
I received the note about the Wellesley recruiting team meeting on Thursday . I will look forward to seeing you there . Will you be in Dallas next week for the ASE ? I will be there . I did let Melissa know when the dates were announced that I will quietly slip out about mid afternoon on Thursday . Amanda's school open house is Thursday at 7:00 , and parents will follow their children's schedules and meet all of the teachers . With this being Amanda's first year in junior high , it is important for me to meet the teachers and understand their expectations so that I can best support her in school . Mary Solmonson and Brent from my team will be there for the duration . I look forward to seeing you there , too ! --Sally
Do you know who this is ? I don't recognize the manager's name . Thanks .
Thanks for your comprehensive note on your plans for middle and back office in Japan . I have done a quick review , and I agree with your thought processes . I also agree that being able to leverage trading operations personnel and experience in Sydney , with lower wages , makes a lot of sense . While distance is great , the small time zone difference makes this a good option . I want to take a little more time to review this in more detail . After several months of schedules that have been too full , I have initiated a practice of holding one day a week open for work at my desk , with no meetings . That day is Friday this week , so I have put a review of your document on the list for more careful review on Friday . I can send you a note then if there are any other comments that I have . I should have apologized in the first paragraph for standing you up while you were here in Houston . Jeff Shankman was on the war path with some concerns over V@R calculations on the day that you were in town , and my schedule was thrown to the winds until we could get him comfortable with the calculations ( he was over his limit that day -- never any questions when he is under!) . I hope that we will have the opportunity to speak in person sometime in the not too distant future . Mike Jordan and I have been working on a worldwide forum for business controllers for all commodities and offices . I am working on securing a location in or around Houston , shooting for October 23,24 as potential dates . More details to come on that in the next day or so . I know that is a long way from Toyko , but if the dates work for you I hope that you can join us .
The Enron-wide PRC meeting to review the mid-year performance for all Vice Presidents has been rescheduled several times . Currently , this meeting is set for September 11 and 12 . Per David Oxley , performance reviews for Vice Presidents should be conducted after this PRC process is completed . Assuming that the meeting takes place as now planned in September , I will schedule your reviews sometime after September 12 . ( Bob , I will assume that your review will be given by Rock , but I will keep you informed on this process along with Peggy and Brent. ) On another note , Enron hosts an annual management conference each year for Vice President level and above . You should all receive invitations to this event . In recent years , it has been held in San Antonio . I do not know the location for this year , but I do have the dates for you to hold on your calendars: November 15-17 . Let me know if you have any questions on either one of these .
In cleaning up e:mails , I can across this one from Sheila . Is this one of the corrections that was made to the June information ? Any update on July ? Thanks .
FYI - I responded to Sharron . RSVP: Yes , I will attend . I will arrive in San Antonio in time for the dinner on Tuesday evening . Count me out for golf on Wednesday - I don't think they would want me to play ! Breakout Sessions: SAP Reporting Issues Analyst/Associates Program ( I will be glad to participate in any of the sessions , if there are needs to move anyone around ) Top 4 Objectives for Accounting Group: Streamline close process ( from a Non-Accountant!! ) Implement data warehouse for flexible reporting Increase visible participation in Analyst and Associate recruiting and rotations Asssure efficient service from COE ( or its replacement) , providing timely , creative solutions and an extremely high degree of excellence Dietary/Special Needs: Something chocolate for dessert!! !
No manager is listed below on this request and I don't know the employee . The manager blank must be completed for me to be able to address these . Without that , I can't possibly tell what group this person is working in and whether or not it makes sense to grant the system access . Please return this to me for my approval when complete .
Not too mountainous , but I am sure that would be fun . It's kind of hard to fly to Bermuda from Texas . Easy from New York , but not that much traffic between Houston/Austin and there . A few years ago when we went with David's family to Yellowstone , we were able to get a great deal through Continental through their group rate department . That works when you travel with a group of 10 or more , all on the same itinerary . I think that our round trip from Salt Lake to Houston was $235 each . Hopefully we could arrange something like that . If airfare is more like $1,000 between here and Bermuda , that could be tough . Should we pin them down on an exact location , maybe have them pick two or three and rank them ? Then we could check on accomodations , airfare , deals , etc . to see what would be most feasible . Or should we research a few places and present those choices for them to consider ? What do you think ? Seems like there will be 13 of us , counting baby White/Lowrimore . And what do you and Cara envision -- a weekend , a few days , a week ? Our kids will get out of school on Friday , May 25 . The 2nd of June is that following Saturday . We are having a great year here at Enron , especially in the business unit that I am in . Hopefully , that translates to really great bonuses in early February . I hope to be in a position to fund airfare and hotel for everyone .
It is good to be getting feedback on these standards . After you have received all responses , I will be curious as to the number and nature of changes suggested . I think for this to be powerful , we will need to expect all commodities and all locations to meet common standards . I will reserve judgement on that however , pending your assessment once you have gotten all responses .
Let's let her float in that vision for a while.. .
Wow - thanks for copying me on these . --Sally
I will be at the presentation . I can not make a faculty lunch that day -- it's my mother's birthday and she lives in Austin , so I have already committed to lunch with her . Just let me know the details on how soon you would like for me to arrive at the Alumni Center , and if there is anything else that I can do . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
If needed in reviewing the V@R calculations , the following persons have been identified as contacts for questions over the weekend: Natural Gas Jeff Gossett Home: 281-358-7546 ( Kingwood # - may be long distance ) Power Jenny Latham Home: 713-977-4904 Cell: 713-443-5367 Global Products Scott Earnest Home: 713-436-1102 Cell: 713-825-5470 Other Mike Moscoso Cell: 713-825-0543 Sally Beck Home: 281-370-8568
I can't make 10:00 on September 7th . I have a business review meeting scheduled with Jeff Skilling at that time . FYI: Bob Klein has resigned from the company effective August 31 . Let me know what I miss in the meeting . Thanks . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
I have let Lexi know that I have a conflict with this meeting time -- I will be doing a business review meeting with Jeff Skilling on global risk management operations at 10:00 on September 7th . I just wanted you to know that I continue to be committed to the recruiting effort at OU . I have asked Lexi to update me on the meeting . --Sally
Have you had a chance to talk with Dave B . on any of this ? It might be helpful for you to put a call in to Tom Martin today to give him your phone number and to let him know that you are working closely with Dave and that you are available for any questions . Nothing may come up , but I think that Tom would feel better with this gesture . Probably wouldn't hurt to log the same call or e:mail in to the rest of the guys on the list . That will give all of them a feeling of continuity with regard to information from Dave on this project . Do you have contact information for Brenda ? If not , I would get that from Yvette Convey , her assistant . She is making the rounds with Patrick Conner and the corporate development team , doing site visits on two additional paper mills that we may purchase . Thanks . --Sally
I thought that you might want to know that Randy Gay's wife passed away on Friday evening . Randy is the Manager of the West Desk Gas Logistics group . His wife had been on a liver transplant list for some time and had been moved up on the list several weeks ago as her condition became more severe . Unfortunately , she developed complications during the last two weeks which resulted in her being removed from the transplant list . Randy has a four year-old daughter . Several of us will be attending the funeral today . Over the past several weeks within ENA , we have raised funds for playground equipment to complete a fund raising effort that Randy's wife had headed for their civic association . Through donations from ENA employees , the original goal for the playground equipment was far exceeded .
Great idea -- hopefully we can make that happen . These days with Mom and Dad , I have asked Patti to copy you , Cindy and them on my travel plans . That way all of you will have numbers where I can be reached if something were to come up . Hopefully , never needed ! Have a great time in New York later this week . I sent you a newspaper article in the mail today , that you may get before you leave .
I think that we sent this to the wrong e:mail address at first.. .
I'm trying again !
Here are the home games when Meagan will be dancing in the half-time routine: Friday , September 15 7:00 pm Saturday , October 14 7:00 pm Friday , October 20 7:00 pm ( homecoming ) There is a chance that she could be added to two other home games if alternates are needed . Nothing definitive on that , of course . She did get put into a routine last year as an alternate , but you never know . We would love for you to come for a visit this fall , and it would be fun if it would work around one of these games . I have also given this schedule to Cindy , as she and Brigeda were interested in making it to a game . I am headed to Dallas early tomorrow morning . Patti has sent you a copy of my itinerary .
I heard today that Curtis Smith has resigned . I am sure that both ot you know that Curtis and Jeremy Wong were viewed by users as critical resources for ERMS support . Even at a stand still , my team had great concern over the rumored loss of Curtis and/or Jeremy . And with the assumption that Sitara will not go forward for valuation , then ERMS really has become repositioned as one of our key , strategic systems . There is much to do to "catch up" , if you will , with changes and enhancements that were put on hold for several years during the Sitara development stage . And our business continues to grow and change rapidly , requiring responsive enhancements on an on-going basis . I would like to get together to discuss the staffing plan for support of ERMS as soon as possible . We need to understand how day-to-day production support will be managed and how development work will be effectively handled . I will ask my assistant to set up a meeting as soon as possible .
Please set up a meeting with Steve and Beth as soon as we can . I believe that Beth is out sick at the present .
I was able to get into the application this time . I could see the request for Shona on the screen and I clicked "Approval" . The status did not change from pending and there was no pop up on the screen that indicated that the request was processed . So I do not know if this worked .
Please print all attachments for me . Thanks .
October 20th sounds great -- we will reserve the guest room for you !
Thanks for the resume . I have been out of town the last several business days , so I am just now catching up on e:mails . David told me that he ran into you at lunch . Small world.. . How are things going for you ? I hope that this was a good move for you . --Sally
I would like to participate in this focus group , however , I will be returning from Austin on Friday morning following the Enron scholarship dinner the night before . I am scheduled to land at Hobby at 8:45 am . It is unlikely that I will be in the Enron Building before about 9:15 , and I am scheduled to go into a meeting at 9:30 that involves a number of players and would be difficult to reschedule . If your responses from participants for the Friday session is thin , and you schedule another time , please let me know . I have been out of the office on business for the last several days ( recruiting at UT yesterday ) and returned mid-morning today to a full schedule . I am just now reading your e:mail and therefore could not respond by noon today as you had asked . --Sally
I already have a meeting scheduled for Friday from 2:00 to 2:30 . I will join you in the facilitator training as soon as that meeting concludes--it may not last a full 30 minutes . In case I can not make the meeting , I have printed the attachment . Thanks .
The week of September 11 is not a great week for me . I am out of the officfrom Tuesday at noon through Friday afternoon , so my Monday and Tuesday morning are already booked ! I checked to see if there was anything that Icould bump off the schedule for Monday , but I am doing several performancereviews and have Richard Sage here from London to go over several things . The next week , I am at a Communications training session on Monday , September 18 and then will be in a V@R class on Thursday and Friday , September 21 and22 . Let's try for Tuesday or Wednesday that week , the 19th or 20th . I havPatti checking on some travel details for me . I have to make a presentatiofor recruiting in Austin on Wednesday late afternoon or evening . Let me know what works for you . --Sally
Sheri Thomas ( x36557) , one of my direct reports , has responsibility for the call center that supports EnronOnline . There is also a call center for Clickpaper.com . Sheri will know the name of the person who is heading that effort as well . I am sure that it would be interesting to compare notes on their efforts and yours . Welcome to Enron . It was nice to meet you last week . --Sally
It was good to see you last week , too . That was a big group , and there were many people that I just passed in the halls ! I would love to participate , but I will be out of town on September 14 . Rick Causey is hosting an offsite meeting from Septemer 13-15 in San Antonio . Thanks for thinking of me . --Sally
The 13th won't work for me , unfortunately . Rick Causey is hosting an offsite meeting from Tuesday evening ( Sept . 12 ) through Friday ( Sept . 15) . If you were to arrive early enough on Tuesday , we could try to do the review before I catch the plane on Tuesday afternoon . The only problem with that is that the VP/MD PRC is scheduled for September 11 and 12 . I don't know that the VP portion of the PRC will be completed on Monday , or that the results would be available to me on Tuesday even if the process is completed on Monday . We have been asked to hold VP reviews until after the PRC process is completed . I will contact you as soon as I do have the results from the PRC and we will set up a specific time for the review , either in Houston or Calgary . Seems like it would be a good time of year for me to head north ! --Sally
Thanks for you message . I am glad to know that you like what you see in the office to date . I am planning a trip to Chicago soon , so I will look forward to seeing you there .
Please set up a 30 minute meeting for me with Dave . Thanks .
Does this make sense to you ? Seems like they may have the wrong person . Can you follow up ? Thanks .
We will need this , so I am sending it to you as well . --sally
Dates: Sunday , October 22 ( late afternoon , early evening kick-off , reception and dinner ) Monday , October 23 ( all day , with evening event ) Tuesday , October 24 ( through mid afternoon ) Confirmed speakers to date: Jeff Skilling ( Tuesday , October 24 - available 9:30 am to 1:00 pm ) Proposed list of attendees ( Mike: let's talk about the scope of this list on Tuesday): Gas - Steve Jackson Leslie Reeves Bob Hall Power - Stacey White Calgary - Peggy Hedstrom Pulp , Paper , Lumber - Brenda Herod General - Brent Price Global Products - Scott Earnest Weather - Todd Hall Financial Products - Sheila Glover ?  Kevin Sweeney EEL Mike Jordan London - James New Frankfort - Ralph Jaeger Metals - Tim Pouillan-Patterson Australia - Heidi Mason ESA Scott Mills Barry Pearce Wanda Curry ?  Global Risk Management Sally Beck Shona Wilson Eugenio Perez Mike Moscoso
I was out of town last week doing some recruiting , so I am just reading your e:mail today . I have passed this along to Lisa Cousino and she should be getting back to you . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp . This came in while I was in Austin last week , so I am just reading it today . Any thoughts on this one ? --Sally
Great job on discussing status and next steps with the group this afternoon on OPM . The presentation and your comments were direct and concise . And your delivery of the information was very well done -- you were poised , organized , prepared and confident . It was an effective and informative presentation to the group . Thanks for your dedication and enthusiasm on this project .
Who are these guys and should someone from our group meet with them ?
Yes , Mary Solmonson from Energy Operations has volunteered to host a student in the Job Shadowing program . Mary may have one of her directors host the student . Please use Mary Solmonson as the primary contact for this program . Her extension is 36079 . Thanks .
I am not aware of an Enron-wide issue , but it would seem strange that two such instances occurred within your group . You may want to contact someone in security to give them the details so that they can investigate .
Please print and start a file for me for year-end PRC 2000 . Yikes! ! Thanks .
I will be in San Antonio attending an offsite meeting hosted by Rick Causey on Wednesday and Thursday , September 13 through 15 . I will leave the offsite meeting before its conclusion on Friday , so that I can attend a lunch meeting with Philippe Bibi , Rick Buy , Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford to discuss common needs around risk systems . I will be in the office the afternoon of September 15 . Patti Thompson , my assistant ( x39106) , will have telephone numbers where I can be reached . Key contacts while I am out are listed below: Natural Gas Operations Steve Jackson x37070 Bob Hall x36956 Leslie Reeves x37962 Power Operations Stacey White x31870 Leslie Reeves x37962 DPR Mike Moscoso x35242 MPR David Maxwell x36983
I have asked ENA's Compensation team within HR to conduct a compensation study for me for all positions from Manager level through Vice President . This analysis will include employees who are dedicated to ENA , EIM and EGM . It had been the plan to complete our compensation analysis by focusing on the Manager level and above , following the market analysis for Senior Specialists and below that was completed by Yvonne Land . I learned recently that Yvonne has left the Company and that she had not begun the analysis for Managers and above . Todd Burke , who recently joined Enron , will be conducting the market survey and compensation analysis . I met with Todd recently . He has had wonderful experience with Towers Perin and Watson Wyatt , and I feel that we are fortunate to have him devoted to this project . Please give sufficient thought and attention to requests from Todd . The quality and timeliness of your responses will directly impact the quality and timeliness of the analysis that I will receive from Todd . I think that you should each have a vested interest in the success of this project ! Todd also plans to resurvey market information for Senior Specialists and below so that his view of compensation will be complete and timely for all of Energy Operations . Since we recently took action on compensation levels for key players at the Senior Specialist level and below , I would not anticipate further adjustments for those levels as a result of Todd's review . You should receive a message from Todd in the next day or so in which he will detail steps in the compensation analysis and what your role will be . Sally
I am not trying to twist any arms with this question , but is there anything we can do so that Jody can make the presentation at OU ? Since he was the top graduate from the Energy Management Program at OU , it would be great for him to be at the presentation next Tuesday night . I know that recruiting events can be a drain on staffing , but it is also time well spent . I do know that Jody is in a role that has real day-to-day commitments , so if there is not a feasible way to have someone calc a book for him I will understand . I just wanted you to take a look at this . Thanks .
This approval request is incomplete - it does not include the name of this employee's manager . I do not know the employee , and without the name of the manager I can't possibly approve this . Please get someone to complete this request .
Too late with your spreadsheet . The instructions that we got from Donna were that I should review the resumes , pass them to Brent for his review , and then on to Causey for his review . Considering our schedules and the large number of resumes to review , that would have been an impossible task to complete by Thursday at noon . I received the resumes after lunch on Tuesday , just before leaving for the airport to catch the plane for Oklahoma . I asked Patti to make a copy of the packet for Brent , and I knew that Rick would not want to take the time to review the resumes without some organization and screening first . I reviewed as many of the resumes as I could on the plane on the way back to Houston today ( all of the liberal arts resumes and about one third of the business resumes ) and Brent reviewed them last night after his training class . We got those to Rick today by noon , as he was leaving the office . I believe that Rick will review what Brent and I put together and then will pass the resumes along to you . Since you only e:mailed your spreadsheet this morning after Brent and I had done our reviews , you will have to cross-reference the info on the spreadsheet with the selected resumes . Brent and I would have appreciated some organization and screening of the resumes as well . I would suggest that in the future that your team should make copies of the resumes for everyone that you would like to have doing the review . The plan of passing them from one person to another is not practical , and I should not have had to make the copies for Brent . If you are going to ask VP's and MD's to help in this process in a very short time frame , then I would suggest that you use their time wisely . If someone from you team had organized the resumes into three groups by GPA's or majors , that would have given us a good starting point , instead of a jumble of resumes . Two page resumes were not stapled together and there were a number of resumes of MBA's included , which should be considered for Associates interviews , not Analysts interviews . Please give us organized information to react to , not simply a jumble of data that we have to weed through . All of us want to participate and to be as involved as possible in the recruiting process , but we need to be able to rely on the Program for some basic administrative and organizational work . I send these suggestions with the intent of constantly bettering the program and with the intent of helping you to succeed in your role , not being critical . I hope that you will take these suggestions in that light . Brent and I ( and I am sure Hunter , too ) would have appreciated
I will take a look at my calendar and let you know when I can come north . I am heading to the airport in 5 minutes for a flight to Austin to make a presentation at UT tonight , capping off about four weeks with a lot of travel for me . I will catch my breath on the plan and look at my schedule for the next few weeks and I will let you know . I sat by Sheila Knudsen at the ENA staff meeting on Friday afternoon last week , and asked her if we should now schedule VP reviews . The VP PRC meeting ( much rescheduled ) did take place on September 11 and 12 . Sheila said that as of Friday ( the 15th ) that HR had not received the final results from the PRC , and that we should wait on reviews until we had that in hand . I will check with HR this week so see if all is finalized , so that we can schedule the review . I will keep you posted .
This employee and his/her manager , Bob Schorr , do not report in to me . This approval should be sent to someone else .
Diana , Here's info you requested . Per our conversation earlier , please try to arrange someone with experience/knowledge of Jornada device for training for Sally & me both . Sally is not very technical & will need to be walked thru . If she doesn't learn how to properly use it , she will not use it , if you know what I mean . Any help you can give me in setting up training w/ someone that will be able to answer our questions is greatly appreciated . Please have person contact me directly as I keep Sally's calendar . She will be in training all day Thursday & Friday , so Monday would be the soonest she is available . Password: balc33balc Lotus password: balc33balc H:\ drive mapping: "nahou-uv3" I submitted SRRS for "in sync" two or three weeks ago . Let me know if you need anything else . Patti Thompson x39106
I updated that systems matrix recently , in preparation for our much rescheduled meeting with AA on risk controls . That is on my calendar for Friday morning this week , so I will bring copies with me to that meeting . I have been publishing an ENA operations report monthly since June . To date , I have been reviewing it with Dave Delainey , fine-tuning each month the types of information and format that he likes . I will bring you a copy tomorrow and would like your input on content and format as well . With the recent reorganization , I am working with EGM and EIM to create the same report . After we have mastered that here in Houston over the next month or so , I plan to share the format with London so that all of our wholesale businesses can use the same format . In addition to these monthly operating reports , we are working on a daily report to be operational by the end of the fourth quarter that will track compliance with our fundamental operating standards . We are in the phase of determining the source of reporting ( systematic or manual ) and the frequency of reporting ( daily , weekly , monthly ) for all commodities and locations against the operating standards . As we get this to a first draft stage , I will share this with you , as well as the timeline for full implementation . --Sally
I have read this series of e:mails but I am not sure that I fully understand the issue . Did Willie not do his job ? Are there problems with how SAP works ? Are both of these an issue ? Please let me know if we have a far reaching problem with SAP and netting . Thanks . --Sally
I know that there are a number of things that do not work as we had anticipated in SAP . I also know that there are several things where we have to change our processes to accomodate differences or gaps in SAP . We also have significant issues with the timing of certain runs within SAP and a mismatch of that timing with our business processes . There was a concerted effort kicked off by the SAP team last week to try and identify and resolve issues . They met with my direct reports . However , we have to reconvene as we ran out of time to cover all issues ! I have asked Leslie Reeves and Bryce to get back to me on even more detail on this example so that we can fully understand how much of this issue was attributable to human versus system . I will get back with you as I know more details and as I can share with you our list of first "hits" for SAP fixes or enhancements . Thanks for sharing this with me . --Sally
Yes , he is working on the short list . I do have to say , however , that I have not had questions from him on any of those names . I will leave him a voice mail message for an update .
Please put this on my calendar . I don't know if I will make it there , but I would like for it to be on my calendar . Thanks .
It was good to see you in Norman earlier this week . As always , I appreciated your attendance at the presentation and at Coach's afterwards . I am sure that it is rewarding for you to see former students such as Jody and Nate participating on the other side of the recruiting table . You have done a great job in changing and promoting the program . I am pushing Lexi to resolve the question around interview dates for summer interns ASAP . I have also left Mike McConnell a message to make him aware of the issue . I should be able to get back with you next week , hopefully with a change in our strategy ! If you do become aware of five OU /Texas tickets , please let me know . We will certainly purchase them , I just made the assumption that all tickets may already be sold . On another note , David has worn his OU shirt to work and has gotten lots of compliments . He has a number of people that have asked him about school shirts , caps , etc . Do you have a list of the schools that you can get merchandise for and the types of merchandise that you can get ? Let me know -- we can probably place a few orders through you !
Invitations have been mailed to all VP's and above for the annual Enron Management Conference to be held at the Hyatt Hill Country in San Antonio November 15-17 . Hopefully , you have received your invitation ( more to save the date than to provide any detail at this point) . If you have not received your invitation , please let me know .
Thanks for looking into the OU/Texas tickets for us . With the ages of the kids , I think that we will pass on those single tickets . The kids love our home tradition for the game , and weren't sure that they wanted to give that up . ( I have cake pans in the shape of the state of Texas and the state of Oklahoma - one daugther decorates one , and the other decorates the second cake - add some bean dip and chips and it's our own version of a tailgate party! ) We were hoping to bring Meagan up to look at OU this fall , with our eye on that last game of the season . However , Klein High School has started the football season very strongly , winning all games to date . That means that we may be headed for high school playoffs again this year . Meagan is on the drill team and must be at all games . Last year , we played right up to Thanksgiving in the playoffs . So , we have decided to pick a weekend in the spring after drill team contest season is over to make that trip with Meagan . We are interested in caps , shirts , etc . for UT , OU and Texas Tech . Do you have a list of what is available for those schools ?
Thanks for your list . I have talked with Brent and of the three names that you have listed , he wants to include only Cindy Horn . I have thought more about Heidi Mason and Jan-Erland and think that they should be included . While they do roll into Europe and also have a tie to accounting , they are the individuals in Sydney and Toyko that we are depending on to stress and enforce controls . Heidi particularly does have active responsibility for risk , confirmations and settlements on a day-to-day basis . And in addtion to their role reporting in to Europe , we are looking to them to oversee controls for other non-EEL traded commodities in their locations - weather , coal , etc . I will include Fernley on the invitation list , as I had mentioned the meeting to him when I saw him in San Antonio . He can certainly respectfully decline !
This employee , and his supervisor , Bob Schorr , do not report in to me . Someone else should be approving this requested access .
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery . On the means of delivery , I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent . Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent) ? Or is the letter from John an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article ? With regard to a global message , I think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature , applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities . With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide . These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations . I am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across . Finally , a question regarding timing . The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated ( Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston ) for comments to all business controllers . I don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards . And not to belittle the process of creating the standards , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards . My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year . There is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report . Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this , and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New . So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against . Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ? Sorry that this response looks so long . I have been interrupted 20 times while responding , so I hope that it makes sense . Thanks for sharing this with me . Since you asked for input , I hope that you don't mind that I gave you some . --Sally
Late Jan sounds great . Meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in January -- National Charity League Senior Presentation ( big dance that she and I are committed to help with) , the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion . I believe that these are three weekends in a row , January 6 , 13 and 20th . So the last weekend in January would work well ( and I will need a rest from formal affairs!) . Does that work for you ? And do you want to do it on a Saturday or Sunday ? Saturday probably works better for me , just so that I am back in Houston and doing laundry by Sunday afternoon! !
Fernley: I think that you are right about easy access to the standards . In fact , at the Global Operations Controllers gathering in Houston in October , we are going to roll out a website created for Global Risk Operations . The global standards will be one of the items included , as well as contact lists for Operations Controllers worldwide , calendars for all Enron offices worldwide , a "what time is it there if I am here" page , etc . I would like for this to be introduced at the offsite as surprise ( just a little bang out of the announcement ) ,  so I would appreciate your not sharing this plan widely at this point . However , I thought that I would let you know so that we would not duplicate any efforts .
Would you please forward a copy of our current draft of operating standards to Shawn ? Thanks .
FYI - yes , my response was lengthy !
FYI
This is fine . --Sally
I can never tell from these things what they are asking to be approved . Since Gregory's address looks as if he is at Corp. , just let me know who he is and what I am being asked to approve . Please reply with history attached . Thanks . --Sally
This request is approved . Your request forms that you send still don't provide enough information in layman's terms so that I know what you are asking to be approved . Are we working on this ?
I read your note back to Shona , and I understand John's desire to put a reminder in front of people , including commerical staff members , about the need for operating standards . If this is the best time to put that in writing for Europe , then by all means go forward with that . If there is an efficient way to reference this effort as an Enron-wide initiative to define and monitor these standards across all locations and all commodities traded , then that would be great . It simply helps put the London initiative in the context of an Enron-wide effort that we all feel is important . --Sally
Hope are things in London ? I have seen Beth Apollo at two meetings in Texas recently , one in Dallas and one in San Antonio . We have been making the Texas circuit -- not quite as exciting as your travels . I have heard from Stephanie , and she , Paul and Rebecca are headed to Texas at the end of October/beginning of November . She will be interviewing students at UT on October 30 and 31 and then she and her family will be in Houston from Wesneday , November 1 to Saturday , November 4 . They will be staying with us at our house . It will be fun to watch Tyler and Rebecca get to know one another ! She is an older woman , but I am sure that they do well . By the way , Stephanie is expecting baby number two -- I think that when she is here she will be about six months pregnant . I thought that I would let you know what her travel plans are on the off chance that you might be in Houston at that time . It would be fun for all of us to get together . I don't know if I had told you , but Chuck Randall has joined Enron and this week I saw another old First City banker , Jeff Baker , who was on his first day here . We could also schedule a First City reunion if you could be here . If it doesn't work this time , just let me know the next time you will be in Houston and I will round up all the usual suspects for a lunch or happy hour . I may need to head to London in October or November . I will let you know if my travel plans develop . I hear from Beth that you have taken a very adventurous vacation -- mountain climbing!!!!!! ! How was it ? I will be anxious to hear . --Sally
Is this a timeline for all of ENA , or just for the accounting group ?
Thanks for sending the dates in writing . We already have this on our home calendar and all five of us are looking forward to your visit . I did confirm that there is a home football game on Friday , November 3 , so if you all are interested in going , we will have plenty of tickets . The weather should be great here then . I have also blocked off Friday , November 3 from work so that we can do something fun with the kids -- zoo , Children's Museum , etc . I sent Mo an e:mail message about your stay in Houston in hopes that she may need to be in Houston at that time . I will let you know what I hear from her .
This memo apparently was already out on e:mail when we were meeting in my office regarding confirmations . The language regarding Jeff's role on financial confirmations and settlements was left in the memo . It wasn't clear to me when we met whether Scott and Leslie had talked while looking at a draft of the memo or whether she had seen this on e:mail . Since you said that you had not seen this memo , please follow up with Scott , Leslie and Jeff to ensure a common understanding around financial confirmations and settlements so that can be communicated within the organization . There should not be confusion over who has responsibility for financial confirms and settlements . This memo as sent will create that confusion . Thanks .
Decisions , decisions . ..they are tough for her . I suppose that if she wants others to host the shower that we can just split the cost of a couple of packs of diaper pins and then focus on eating all the sandwiches and cake that we can ! ( Do you think that we will be invited? ) That really sounds ugly , and I don't mean it to . I think that your idea was a great one , but if she has too many offers we can probably just as easily be guests . Let me know when the deliberation process is completed ! --Sally
4 counterparties for a total of $10.2MM makes me think that each one must be pretty large . I am copying Leslie on this note , as I would like to know the names of the counterparties in the over 90 day bucket and how many dollars are associated with each one -- also how likely we think that collection is in each case . Leslie: I know that it may be that reconciliation is not far enough along at this point to provide this kind of detail , but it is the type of question that Dave may ask .
FYI
I will be recruiting at Wellsley College for the Analyst Program on Thursday , September 28 . I will fly back from Boston on Friday , September 29 and I should be back in the office between 11:30 and 12:00 . My assistant , Patti Thompson ( x39106 ) has numbers where I can be reached . While I am out of the office , the following persons will serve as key contacts: Gas Operations Bob Hall x36956 Leslie Reeves x37962 Steve Jackson x37070 Power Operations Jenny Latham x33982 Leslie Reeves x37962 DPR Mike Moscoso x35242 MPR David Maxwell x36983
Peggy , is the EOL bridge functionality working for you in Calgary ? Jeff Gossett was in a meeting with me on Monday this week discussing systems issues . Beth Perlman mentioned that the EOL bridging had been completed , but Jeff spoke up and said that it was not working correctly . You or someone on your team may want to call Jeff to understand the issues that he was having to be certain that you are happy with the functionality that you now have in Calgary . Thanks .
Attached is a memo that I have sent to Mike Jordan regarding the Operations Controller forum set for October 22 , 23 and 24 . I want to send the official invitation early next week . I have conferred with Mike on attendees from EEL . Since I do not know all of the reporting relationships in London , I did want to share this list with you and get your input as well before it is finalized . Please let me know your thoughts on attendees per the attached . Mike was not sure that you would want to be included , but I certainly want to invite you and would very much welcome your attendance . If you can come , I would be great for you to address the group if you would like to do so . Just let me know . Jeff Skilling , Rick Causey , Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford are confirmed as speakers , and I am waiting to hear from Mark Frevert on his participation . I expect to sent a preliminary agenda out for review next week as well , and would welcome your comments on that . Hope you have a great weekend . --Sally
While recruiting on campus recently I became aware that a decision was made at the Program level to not interview this fall for 2001 summer interns . In talking with students and faculty at The University of Texas and University of Oklahoma , it became clear that there is concern over the feasibility of an internship with Enron , as other top firms will be recruiting this fall for summer 2001 interns . I have communicated my concerns to Lexi Elliott and her manager , Shelley Jones , and was told by both that the decision to delay interviews for summer interns was made at a Program level based on Enron's staffing . When I asked about the competitive data available regarding the practice of other firms on summer intern interviews , I was even more concerned to discover that neither Lexi nor Shelley had that data . It would seem critical to know what the competition is doing in terms of summer intern interview schedules in order to understand the risk that could be created for Enron by not interviewing this fall for these important feeder positions for our Analyst and Associates programs . I have had conversations over the last two weeks with Lexi and Shelley , with no resolution . When they could not provide the competitive data to either confirm or eliminate my concerns , I volunteered to have James Scribner , a Senior Director on my team , obtain this market information . Lexi and Shelley either did not have the time to gather this data , or were not sure how to do so . They were pleased to have some help in getting our hands on this critical information . I now have information at hand with regard to firms that will be recruiting at UT and OU this fall for summer intern positions . And based on this information , I believe that Enron is at risk for not hiring top students as interns for the summer of 2001 if we do not interview for these positions this fall . While my research only touches on two of the schools at which Enron recruits , I want to raise concern over this as a potential problem at many , if not all campuses that we have targeted for recruiting . As administrators of the program , you rely on the involvement of senior members of the company to carry the Enron message to campus . I believe that we also have an obligation to make this a two-way messaging system . I strongly believe that we must address this potential risk for Enron extremely quickly , as teams will be on campuses across the country to conduct interviews in a matter of days . I suspect that many Enron participants in the recruiting process are unaware of the Program's decision regarding the timing of interviews for summer internships . In working with Rick Causey and Mike McConnell , executive sponsors for UT and OU , respectively , they are as concerned as I about the decision on interviewing summer interns . I have copied both of them on this note to the two of you . Please let me know how this can be resolved . With the help of James Scribner and others , we have already compiled a list of students at UT and OU that should be targeted for summer internships . I will offer as much of my time as is feasible to work with staff members of the Program to devise creative ways to turn this around .
FYI...I will keep you posted .
It is with regret that I have accepted Steve Jackson's letter of resignation from Enron . Steve has made a choice to leave Enron and to join another company in the industry . I know that you will join me in thanking him for his many years of service to Enron and the contributions that he has made . His risk expertise and his knowledge of ENA transactions will be missed , as will his leadership on the gas team . Although Steve's official last day with the company is in two weeks , today is his last day in the office . He will be available by phone over the next two weeks if there are questions that you may have on any open items that you were covering with Steve . Patti has his home number if you need that . We will also plan a happy hour for Steve and we will let you know when and where that will take place . Effective tomorrow , Jeff Gossett will assume leadership of the gas risk group , reporting to me . Jeff will join Bob Hall and Leslie Reeves as business controllers for Natural Gas , to continue to work together to provide leadership for the processes , controls , people and systems that support all aspects of this key business for North America . Please join me in congratulating Jeff on his new responsibilities .
Thanks for looking into this for me . Enron North America Corp .
Good input on those leather pants . I can just picture her shopping . We will look forward to seeing you for lunch on Saturday . The weather looks as if it should be good for the game that night . See you soon !
Please keep this for reference as we create a holiday contact list . Thanks . I always compile a contact list for Energy Operations during the holidays ( Thanksgiving , Christmas and New Years) . Just let me know who appropriate contacts will be , especially for the DPR and MPR , during the dates that you are out . Sounds as if you should see a white Christmas ! --Sally
I am so glad that you will be able to attend . I will have a fully developed draft agenda available within the next couple of days . It may help to know that the plans for Sunday will start with a cocktail reception at 5:00 at the hotel , followed by dinner at the hotel at 7:00 . We hope to have Mark Frevert join us that night to informally address the group . Sunday night will be low-key , as so many of you will have travelled a number of hours to get to Houston . On Tuesday , the plan is to meet until mid-afternoon ( 3:00?) , so that some of the London participants can fly back to London that evening . I do believe that some will stay Tuesday night and will plan to have meetings in the Houston office on Wednesday . If that is the case , I will also arrange a dinner for Tuesday night . Hope that this helps !
Hector: The key employees that Jeff has identified are senior specialists , with the exception of Will Kelly . If you remember , these are the risk employees that I was concerned about when Steve Jackson tendered his letter of resignation . Steve will be taking a similar role with a competitor , and it is not inconceivable that he might approach some Enron employees to join him and help ensure his success with his new employer . We don't want this to happen . Waiting until the end of November to implement an effective retention plan does not make sense . Please call me tomorrow and let's talk about how we can jump start this . Thanks . --Sally
It was a pleasure to meet you and to talk with someone who knows ERCOT , PJM , etc. ! Thanks for taking the time on both Wednesday and Thursday to visit with us . You should be hearing from Lexi soon regarding our Super Saturday event .
Thanks for the note , and thanks , too , for taking time on both days to talk with us . You should hear from Lexi soon regarding the Super Saturday event .
Thanks for asking me . I enjoyed the opportunity to meet your team and to talk with them .
Thanks for forwarding this contact list . You should add my contact information to the list as well and redistribute to the team . Thanks . Office 713-853-5926 Home 281-370-8568 Cell 713-417-1591 Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Hector has still referred to the key players under Jeff Gossett as managers . However , only one of these ( Will Kelly ) is a manager . The remainder are senior specialists . Let me know if you would like to discuss any of this in detail . We are potentially exposed for Steve Jackson to hire some of these players away . Steve is going to have deliverables at his new employer , our competitor , which will require that he have good people . He will be moving to Columbus , Ohio where he will not personally know anyone locally to hire . He does know these risk specialists here , and being young and single or childless , their mobility factors could be high . Enron would not want to lose any other talent to Steve's new employer .
Attached is your actual form . I did not have a totally blank one to forward , as I have actually done work on all evals on my disk . So I am sending yours so that you can erase your data and use this as a template . Hope this works !
I did find one that I have not used . You will just need to change the information at the top of the page .
I was in Austin the end of last week recruiting at UT and ( in a sense of open-mindedness and fair play ) was at OU on Sunday night and Monday recruiting as well . James and I have not had a chance to talk following your conversations . Nor am I really caught up on e:mail messages . I have some tight deadlines on a couple of things for Friday , so it may be Monday before James and I have the opportunity to talk in any detail .
I am forwarding a message from a Wellesley student which includes her resume . Let's make sure that she is on our interview schedule for our return visit in November . I talked with her quite a bit before the presentation , and was impressed with her . She has followed up with phone calls and this e:mail . I am sending her some additional information on Enron at her request to help familiarize her with the company . Her work experience to date has been with more traditional energy companies . --Sally
I scheduled this meeting in Houston to best accomodate schedules of some of our Enron speakers -- the hill country or even Galveston was going to make it impossible for Jeff Skilling to join us . I would look at this meeting as if it were to be held outside of town . I have preliminarily reserved rooms for all of you at the Wyndham Warwick . Part of the reason for this forum is to meet and get to know your counterparts in other Enron operating companies and from around the world . If you can stay at the hotel , this team building will probably be enhanced . This memo is not to force you to pack your bags and stay at the hotel , but to let you know that my budget for the event did include rooms for all of you for Sunday and Monday nights . I hate the Sunday thing , but in trying to minimize the time out of the office for those who will travel from far away , this best suited their schedules . Please let Patti know on Thursday whether or not you would like a room at the hotel to make it easier for you to fully participate .
11th grade ticktocker meeting details: Location: Home of Kristen and Nancy Dipaulo ( check my spelling on this one! ) Time: 2:00 to 4:00 Program: SAT Preparation ( Klein High School Counselor ) Senior Presentation Responsibilities ( Nancy Galante ) Planning for Holiday Adopt-A-Family Thanks , Beverly! ! --Sally
If HR can not find this signed review , can Clara communicate with someone in your group in Houston to be able to access a copy of the review by 11:00 am on Friday ? That is the deadline for the final tally on completed reviews ( defined strictly by HR as their having received - and retained , I guess - the signed review) . The goal is 100% completion by then , for reporting in the ENA Office of the Chair staff meeting on Friday afternoon . Although many employees are now not under the ENA umbrella , we are tracking the completion of reviews by their operating company assignment at the mid-year PRC time . Thanks . Of course , I believe you said that this guy left the company , and if that is the case we may be alright without the review . But getting a second copy from Clara would probably be the best bet . Thanks .
Crazy week -- 7:00 pm and I just finished a project for Delainey that I got at noon today . Cancelled everything on the calendar and have been immersed ever since . Patti gave me your message with your home number around 5:30 today , just as she was leaving -- apologized for not giving it to me earlier . However , given my immediate project , I don't think that I could have called until now . And at 1:00am London time , I think that this e:mail is much better . I am still really crunched tomorrow morning . All of our mid-year reviews must be completed by the time we have our ENA Office of the Chair staff meeting at 2:30 tomorrow . Big push , after an over percentage completion rate of about 60% at our ENA meeting two weeks ago . Some of those unfinished reviews were mine to give ( 16 direct reports is a killer) . I wrote three last night after Tyler went to bed , finished at 1:00 am and gave all three reviews this morning . I have 5 more to write tonight , and to deliver tomorrow morning to be at 100% . I will try to call you on my way into the office tomorrow morning from the car . If I miss you then , it will be late afternoon Houston time before I could call you . Next week shapes up to be MUCH better . I am definitely very interested in continuing our conversations . Would love to have to over here and involved in operations . So I will either catch you from my car tomorrow morning , or we can talk on Monday .
Glad you could make it yesterday . I don't play ( at least not in front of others) , so I do look for golfers from time to time . I will keep your number handy ! Enron Capital Management
I have this on my calendar and I will be there . Thanks . --Sally
As of Friday , October 13 , it seems that this student had not heard back from Enron . What is the timeline for getting back to students regarding Super Saturday ?
Would you ever be interested in helping us with recruiting at OU ? As you are probably aware , the analyst programs have been combined into one program , so we are searching for top candidates to bring in for all rotations within the analyst program . Upcoming interviews are for summer interns . We will be on campus on Monday , October 30 ( just after the OU - Nebraska game) . Let me know if you are interested or if you have any questions , and we can get you formally added to the team that is recruiting at OU . Hope that all is going well in Chicago . --Sally
Count on me for interviews at OU on Monday , October 30 . If possible , I would love to fly up on Monday morning , preserving my Sunday night at home . The first flight from IAH to OKC arrives in OKC at 8:10 am . I could easily be in Norman for a 9:00 am interview . I can also stay for interviews on October 31 , with a target of catching a flight from OKC at 1:35 pm back to IAH ( the next flight after that for leaves OKC at 4:36 and arrives at IAH at 5:56 , putting me at my house around 7:00 - too late for the start of trick or treating with a 2 year old) . I plan to have dinner on Monday night with Chris Hoyle , the student that Jody Crook believes is the top graduate from the business school this year . I would like to get to know him since I did not interview him when I was at OU this last time . I have also forwarded your message on OU to Cary Carrabine in the Chicago office . I will let you know what I hear back from him . Consider Shona Wilson and Steve Venturatos as interviewers again if you are short on 10/30 & Finally , I have noted November 10 on my calendar for the management overview . Keep me posted on details . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
See names below for your IT contacts tonight - one on 32 and one on 31 . Do you know these folks ? They should be visibly on your floors . Let me know if that doesn't happen . --Sally
Thanks . I have shared these with Jeff Gossett ( gas risk lead ) and Scott Earnest ( products risk lead) . I will be curious to hear about the plan that your DBA's have devised today . Thanks for you help and attention to these problems .
Irfan was one of the UT students , not OU . Just wanted to make sure that we have him on the right list . Enron North America Corp .
I could go to Austin the night of Wednesday , October 25 for dinner with students if you need me . Let me know . Enron North America Corp .
I will be there on the 25th . Thanks . --Sally Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Thanks for passing along the announcement . You are right , the grapevine news did precede this more formal annoucement ! Sounds as if this will be a fun position for you . Thanks for all of the great work that you have done on behalf of mid and back office operations . Your help in Helsinki earlier this year was especially wonderful . I will call you when I next come to London and will hope that you will have time for lunch or dinner to catch up . --Sally
FYI - Let's discuss
I am open from 3:00 to 4:00 on Thursday - have to meet with Enron's legal counsel from Sydney at 4:00 , followed by a 4:30 meeting with Delainey on a proposed asset sale . I have rescheduled my meeting with the Sydney guy several times this week , and I think this may be my last shot of meeting with him during this trip . Is an hour sufficient ? --Sally
Thanks for the names and numbers . I have just called and talked with Jonathan Beck and Jenia Nikolova; have left voice mail messages of congratulations for Jeremy Fitzpatrick , Matthew Olney , David Scott , Corrinn Sutton , and Thomas Underwood; and left a message with a roommate for Ryan White . I did not get an answer of any kind when I tried Thomas Lowell's number . He is the only one that I have not contacted at this point . I will try his number again before I leave tonight . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
I sent an e:mail message yesterday saying that I could make dinner in Austin on Wednesday , October 25 . That date does not work for me now . I need to attend a get together for the CommodityLogic team that evening , that was just set up today . As of last week , I am now co-leading CommodityLogic ( under Enron Networks ) along with Tom Gros . This is in addition to my role within ENA . As a new lead over the group , it is important for me to join the team for their team building next Wednesday . Let me know whether or not you have enough takers for dinner in Austin next week . If you are short , let me know and I will see what I can do on another night that week . --Sally
Thanks -- 3:00 pm Thursday sounds great . On 21 I assume ? I will see you there .
Attached is a draft agenda for your review and comments . As speakers were confirmed , the placement of certain items on the agenda were dictated by the speakers' schedules and then logical grouping of topics around those speakers . Sunday evening will not be heavy - simple welcome and intros , drink and dinner - I know that many will be tired from traveling . We have arranged for a private showing of the movie Rogue Trader ( complete with comfy chairs and popcorn ) which I thought could be fun for the group to see as a means of setting the stage for our discussions on Monday and Tuesday . This can be optional , as I know that jet lag my get the best of some . The morning on Monday will set the stage: why we have gathered , endorsement of our efforts ( Causey) . Perhaps you , Brent and I could each give a short "state of the union of operations" according to us - covering ENA , EGM and EEL) . Then definition of the operating standards that we must uphold , discussion , plans on reporting and buy in on these . Monday lunch will allow everyone to share with their tablemates a project in which they are involved that will have an impact on global consistency of operational controls , or a project which through sharing or expanding could have such an impact . Each table can report back as we gather to start the afternoon . Having defined and discussed fundamental operating standards , we will move Monday afternoon to review of the Doorstep concept: what , why , how and lessons learned . Then we will discuss next steps around this on-going project . Just before the afternoon break , we will roll out a new communications tool for the operations controllers: a website tailored for the group . We will finish the afternoon by tying in operations performance and its impact on assessing and measuring market risk and credit risk , with Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford addressing the group . Monday evening will include a tour of Enron Field and dinner at Ruggles Center Field Terrace . Bill Bradford will join us for dinner , and we are waiting for an RSVP from Ted Murphy . Tuesday morning will start with Jeff Skilling as our real keynote speaker . He plans to spend an hour plus with the group . He will make an informal presentation and then will entertain questions . The rest of the morning will be spent in breakout teams , with assignments to come up with specific action steps to strengthen operating controls , improve the accuracy of information provided and move toward best practices in providing mid and back office services within Enron . Before lunch , Tom Gros and I will share a short story on CommodityLogic . Philippe Bibi will join us for lunch to share his IT vision with the group . After lunch , we will wrap up and summarize next steps , including a date to reconvene much of this group perhaps early in 2001 to check progess against our designated next steps ( wholesale group in London perhaps) . Please call me or e:mail any comments or suggestions . The only details still in flux are Tom Gros' availability and confirmation of Philippe's attendance .
FYI re: schedule
FYI - would love to have your comments or suggestions
As promised , although a little later than expected , a draft agenda is attached at the end of my memo to Mike . The memo will walk you through the agenda . Please let me know if you have any comments or suggestions . Again , I an sorry that you will not be able to join us , but I am pleased that so many others from the London office will be in attendance . --Sally
Thanks in advance for agreeing to speak at the Global Operations Controller Forum . There will be approximately 30 Enron business controllers present at the meeting . All have responsibility for mid and back office operations for the following Enron entities: Enron North America , Enron Europe , Enron South America , Enron Global Markets , Enron Industrial Markets , Enron Broadband Services and Enron Energy Services . Attendees will be here from Houston , Calgary , Tokyo , Sydney , London and New York ( metals business-maybe!) . Attached for your reference is the agenda . There may be some slight changes before the forum begins , but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group . You are scheduled to address the group as follows: Date: Monday , October 23 , 2000 Time: 3:30 pm Place: The Warwick Hotel The Versailles Room - 12th Floor 5701 Main Street I have noted that your topic will be assessing , measuring and managing market risk . Any references that you could make to the importance of information flow between RAC and operations would be great to cover . Feel free to offer up a challenge to the group . I hope that you will be able to join us for the tour of Enron Field and for dinner at Ruggles Center Field Terrace on Monday evening . The tour is at 6:00 and dinner is at 7:00 .
FYI - my details to Philippe
My details to Ted . . . My details to Rick and Sharron.. .
My details to Jeff and Sherri My details to Bill Bradford.. .
Attached - still not quite final - waiting for confirmation from Tom Gros and Philippe Bibi . Can we add an Enron logo to the top of the first page ? Thanks . I also sent this version to Mike Jordan , Fernley Dyson and Shona for their input . Can you e:mail a copy to Tom Hopwood ? Thanks .
I will be out of the office for most of the day on Friday . My dad is experiecing serious health problems , and he will be in Houston on Friday for an appointment with a specialist that I have arranged . I will be going to the doctor's appointment with my dad . Depending upon waiting room time , I may not be in the office for the 1:30 meeting in EB3305 to discuss the findings from the recent internal audit projects . I have asked Shona Wilson to attend in my place . Please continue with the meeting , as I know that this is a difficult meeting to schedule . I will get an update from Shona when I get back to the office .
FYI - handled
I believe that all of you have met Frank ( whose last name I can't remember) , the HR generalist who is currently working with Hector to serve the HR needs for Energy Operations in ENA . Frank is working on a contract basis at this time , and Sheila Walton is seeking feedback on his performance to date in order to evaluate the duration of his work as a contractor and the feasibility of bringing him in as an employee . I have given Sheila my feedback , but suggested to her that you may have had more contact with Frank than I have had . Please take the time to send Sheila an e:mail message or voice mail to let her know what your experiences have been in working with Frank . Your input will be very valuable to Sheila . Thanks for taking the time to do this .
I would like to formulate the breakout groups prior to the forum . I would like your input on likely persons to put together in these breakout sessions . Let's talk tomorrow .
I hope that you have fun ( are marathon and fun mutally exclusive terms?!) . We will see you on Monday . --Sally
Thanks for the note . I remembered that you will be coming in from London . Hope the trip is uneventful . Sunday evening will not be lengthy , as I am sure that you will be tired .
We can't wait to see the three of you . Tammy and Tyler will be at home on Wednesday afternoon and will be expecting you whenever they see you . Meagan has drill team practice after school until 4:45 and she drives herself home and Amanda rides the bus home after school , arriving about 4:30 . Mo will be in Houston while you are here . If it still works with your plans , I thought that I would take the day off on Friday , November 3 so that you , Paul , David and I could do something fun with Rebecca and Tyler . The football game is that evening at 7:00 . I had also thought about arranging a lunch on Thursday ( downtown - Irma's? ) either for us with Mo , or even to expand that to include a bunch of ex-First City folks . Mark Wilson , James Scribner , Chuch Randall and Charles Delacey all work here for Enron . We could call MG Shetty , and with you and Mo and me , it would be quite a reunion . Let me know if you would like to do either one of these two things and I will arrange whatever sounds good to you . Our phone numbers are: Home 281-370-8568 Sally's Office 713-853-5926 David's Cell: 713-299-1436 Sally's Cell: 713-417-1591
Cary , thanks for the response . We will keep your name on the list and will contact you for any spring events . --Sally
You got the right one -- thanks for telling me , but I already knew that without your having to tell me . I cherish having sisters and love you very much too . ( Okay , maybe one of you is more cherished than the other , but don't tell Cara I said that! )
Thanks for the call . Brenda Herod is the operations controller for EIM . ( Brenda and Brent in their roles over EIM and EGM , respectively , are both direct reports of mine. ) Brenda is out of the country through the end of this week on vacation , touring Europe with her mom . If there is a need to address this issue this week , let me know and I can start down that road until Brenda returns . Let me know . I did hear an unsubstantiated rumor this week that Clickpaper.com is set to go live in London within 5 days . I am trying to find out if that is true . If it is , it would be a repeat of a commercial decision in Houston to do so this past July without letting anyone in the mid and back office know . We had to scramble to set up an infrastructure to support that in a big hurry . Not ideal . I hope that history has not repeated itself . Let me know if you have heard anything on this .
Thanks for your note . I was great to meet you - I am glad that you could take the time out of the office to make the trip to Houston . I will look forward to seeing you when I am next in London . --Sally
I think that four weeks is a good time frame for this - we can re-evaluate at the end of that period as to whether or not this is still needed . As far as the right time , you should talk with Jeff Gossett ( gas ) and Scott Earnest ( global products) . They can give you the best estimate on timing . I am copying them on this memo . When your schedule is set , I assume that you will provide Jeff and Scott with a copy of the schedule ( dates , names and contact numbers) . Please send me a copy as well . This IT presence on the floor during critical calculation times will be very much appreciated . I understand that not only will this provide immediate contact when and if system issues arise , but that your team will be working with the book administrators on improving spreadsheet macros .
The week of November 13 is the week of the Enron Management Conference in San Antonio . It begins on Wednesday evening , so most people will be travelling on Wednesday afternoon . I will be in the office on Monday and Tuesday that week , so those days work well for me for your visit . I just wanted you to know about the conference in case that has an impact on other meetings that you might want to have in Houston that week . Let me know . I will look forward to seeing you and introducing you to others on the team . We are looking forward to seeing Mo next week here in Houston . Have a great weekend . --Sally
Please use my office for the interviews on November 4th . My office is EB3389 . If you need additional offices , you could contact several of my direct reports who have offices: Brent Price , Brenda Herod , Bob Hall , Mary Solmonson and James Scribner . --Sally
I was probably hopelessly stuck in traffic when we were to talk , and did not even realize that the time had passed . Construction on my route in to work is to continue until early January , and my alternate routes have proven to busts . I will call you tomorrow and see if I can catch you between issues . Thanks for making the trip to Houston with your crew last week . It was great to have people from so many different offices , supporting so many different commodities -- and yet with so many similar issues . Your support for the interaction between offices is so valuable . Thanks again for all of your efforts . --Sally
Please print this for me in color ASAP . I need to review it today and get back to Louise . Thanks .
I did not see an attachment to this memo from MP . Enron North America Corp .
Lexi: In our meeting last week , I thought that we handled both Greg and Ryan , and were comfortable with Round 1 interviews only ( 2 interviewers ) with this disposition: Greg as a keeper ( wasn't he the one who worked in the career center? ) and no to Ryan . I will be glad to do a phone interview this week with Enron North America Corp .
I have attended three ASE's and would be happy to visit with you about my opinions . I will ask Patti to schedule a meeting . --Sally
I told Tom last week that I have a standing systems meeting on Thursdays at 9:00 , so this change doesn't work for me . Can we try 10:00 am on Thursday this week ? Thanks . --Sally
Thanks for setting this up and for copying me on the schedule . Hopefully , this will be fruitful for everyone . And maybe unnecessary at some point in time ! Thanks . -Sally
I hope that each one of you will arrange your schedules tomorrow to make the time to vote . Also , please encourage everyone on your staff to take the time to vote tomorrow . For those employees who typically work later hours , please suggest that they take the time to vote before coming to the office . Everyone should feel that they have sufficient time to make their vote count . It should be interesting to watch the returns tomorrow evening . Hopefully , we will have all played a part in the outcome .
Great - we will look forward to seeing you on the 13th and 14th . I will work on an agenda this week , and will send you something later in the week . --Sally
Mark Frevert has reviewed the attached addition to the upcoming organizational memo and has asked that I forward it to you to be included . This would be included in the section under Commercial Support , added as an additional bullet point beneath the one that addresses Business Analysis and Reporting ( I believe that these bullet points are on Page 3 of the draft memo) . Please call me at x35926 if you have any questions .
Enjoy the trip . Two of our most fun vacations were at South Seas Planatation on Captiva Island . Sorry that I didn't have time to respond to your e:mail from last week . It will be great if you can use some of the baby stuff . Yes , the bed and changing table match -- maple with a small amount of blue ( not bright ) trim on the bed and maple only on the changing table . Our bedding could probably go either way , boy or girl . If I remember correctly , the bumpers are red ticking trimmed in blue chambray and the dust skirt is red ticking with blue chambray and red bandana trim . It's not as loud as it sounds - just take a look when you are here . We also have a beautiful cradle ( with bedding ) for you to look at and a great baby swing . As the baby gets older , we also have an entertainer - now takes the place of what we used to call walkers . I am mailing you a Martha Stewart magazine on babies ( yes , she does those , too!) , as well as several cataloges that we get that have cute nursery items in them . Yes , good news on Dad . I hope that in the next few weeks that his medication will kick in and he will see some improvement . It is highly likely that the infection could be a cause of many symptoms that he has had . It is just great to have a good diagnosis and the proper treatment started . I think that he dodged a bullet on this one . We will look forward to seeing you and Chris for Thanksgiving . No big plans yet . I assume that everyone will be here by at least Wednesday night . I have ordered a birthday cake from RJ Goodies to help celebrate all November birthdays that evening . Am hoping that Mom and Dad may come over on Tuesday so that we can do some fun things on Wednesday during the day ( always a great day to shop while everyone else is home getting ready for Thanksgiving!) . I will have the whole week off from work . The kids are off starting on Wednesday . It is possible that on Friday , David , Amanda and Tyler may drive to Longview to have a visit with his mom and family . If you can stay , we could really plan something fun if I an partially childless! !
It's late and I am out of paper . Please print message and attachment for me for Tuesday morning . Thanks .
I am so sorry about the fire . That must be awful -- but I am so glad that no one was hurt . I had not heard about it until Mo called me today . Please let me know if there is anything that I can do . Do you need me to get you anything over here and ship it to London ? I can certainly understand that you will reconsider the trip to Houston next week . I know that you must have hundreds of details to handle . My plan right now is to be off the week of Thanksgiving . My nanny will be on vacation that whole week so that she can make a trip out of town . I may do some work early in the week , but likely from home . The week after Thanksgiving I am supposed go to Wellesley College ( Boston area ) to interview for the analyst program . I am due at a reception on Monday night ( November 27 ) and I will interview on Tuesday ( November 28) . Assuming that I can get a flight back on Tuesday night , I will be in the office here in Houston Wednesday through Friday that week . Would that work ? Sorry I am out so much in the next few weeks . Just let me know . --Sally
This will work well , assuming Steve and Chris are available . Hopefully , Lexi will have their resumes for you tomorrow . Thanks for your help . I will be in touch on details .
Thanks for your help . This should work well , assuming Chris and Steve are available . Hopefully Lexi will have resumes for you tomorrow . I will be in touch on details .
Thanks for your help . I will be in touch tomorrow on details . Hopefully Lexi will have resumes for you . If not , let me know , and some of us who interviewed on campus may have them still . --sally Thanks for making this time change .
I do know Jana . She has worked in various positions within my group for years since she joined us in the analyst program . She has not been the strongest player . Her level of accuracy has not been what we would have liked in many of the roles that she has played for us ( confirmations and settlements) . And despite feedback , she is one of those players that just has never quite viewed her performance level in the same light that we see it . She currently supports trading operations for South America , reporting to Martha Stevens under Scott Mills . Let me check with Scott on his thoughts about her current performance and on her in an HR role . I will let you know what he thinks . It may be to date that we just haven't had Jana in the right role for her . If I remember correctly , she was originally a teacher who went back to school to get a business degree . Very sweet , pleasant to work with and personable . I will get back with you after I have talked with Scott , or I may have him leave you a message .
Thanks for your help on getting Chris Hanz lined up to talk with Chris Hoyle . If you don't get anyone to talk with John Rodgers , don't worry about it . I may have someone that could talk with him from the EnronOnline team . _Sally
I couldn't agree with you more . Mike missed the point of our phone call this week . It was not to discuss the fine points of doorstep process or etiquette ! The point was ownership of an integration process and deadlines that were missed . And how telling that when asked bluntly about his comfort level with controls for US operations that Mike's response was a deferral to Marcelo . I have a one-hour conference call set up with Mike tomorrow . This is one of the things that we will discuss . --Sally
Good memo . I will be curious to see if you get any comments or response from the commercial guys . --Sally
I know that there was a pretty serious set of audit findings from the TX RRCommission earlier this year . I suspect this is a result of that . Brenda Herod was involved in the download meeting with the rep from the TRRC . If she hasn't already told you about that meeting , you may to visit with her on that . --Sally
I have only taken a quick look at the attachment , but thought that I would forward it to you . Does it make sense ? $8MM in equipment charges for us?????? ? Does that include depreciation ( which is not equipment) ? Can you give me the detail again on everything that falls under the "Consultant" line ? What is it and which RC's and RC owners have items there . Thanks . --Sally
You have the right Sally Beck . I grew up around the corner from your dad and used to eat Thursday fried chicken lunches at Tattie's house ( now your house ) with Jim and the whole family . Plus your mom and I used to spend the night at each other's houses when we were in elementary school . I had heard through my sister Cara ( who interviewed your grandad for a USTA publication ) that you were heading to Enron upon graduation . I would love to visit with you about your experience so far at Enron . Call my assistant , Patti Thompson , at x39106 and let's set up a time to get together . Monday or Tuesday next week would be good . I look forward to seeing you . By the way , our oldest daugher , age 16 , is Meagan Worthing Beck . --Sally
Thanks for your comments on the standards . Our approach in creating a global exception reporting mechanism is to start simply and build from there . Our initial cut is to have effective exception reporting on a handful of critical standards by the end of this year . That will be a first , to on a daily basis have a view into the exceptions outside the global standards . Many of the measurements that you mention are great management tools for accessing the level of excellence of the services that we are delivering and the competence of those that are managing these services . Some of these may be more appropriately contained in a monthly operations report that I have instituted within ENA and which we are working to proliferate across all of the wholesale merchant services companies . Give me a call and we can set a time to get together for a few minutes and I can review this operating report with you . We spent some time at our offsite in late October with all operations controllers reviewing and discussing these standards . Shona has taken a stab at the format of these exception reports . It is likely that we will have a rep from each of the operating companies participate in the final design of these reports , so that all feel as if they own the intended output from these reports . Yes , we are gleaning this information from those that are responsible for these activities . My purpose is not to use this info to punish or prosecute , but instead to use this exception report as a tool to garner resources as needed to clear the exceptions . It is invariably the deals that are exceptions in some way that create the problems . For instance , small power deals that were done in Calgary before they had a power book set up . These were "on the side" and not captured in total power exposure because they didn't have a book to put them in ( a discovery during the doorstep review) . If this goes on the exception report , then we can highjack someone in risk in Houston to help Calgary set up a new book , or get IT resources focused quickly on any solution that may require their input to fix . By having a prescribed elevation of these exceptions , we should get the appropriate attention to correct them . The spur for making sure that all exceptions are appropriately noted , will be that if there is a problem with any deal that was an exception ( not in the books , no confirm , etc. ) and was not included on the exception report , that this will be grounds for termination for the appropriate operations controller . I will make sure that as we start this reporting process that this is well understood . The other impetus will be that during doorstep reviews the operational activities will be gauged against these standards . The AA internal audits should also access adherence to these .
Thanks for the note . I will definitely look for you in San Antonio . I would love to hear about your new role . We miss seeing you in ENA . ( I guess that is now Enron Americas! ) --Sally
Please print for me . Thanks .
I have tried but cannot get the attachment to open to look at the report produced by London . Do you have a hard copy that I can see ? I can get it from you during the Risk Forum luncheon today . Thanks .
Thanks for the suggestions for Richard . Let me know if you think of other ideas - I need b'day and Christmas ideas . Probably the easiest thing to bring for Thanksgiving could be a dessert -- or something else that is a favorite of your family . I know that it is really kind of hard to travel with food -- particularly since you will probably be working on Wednesday morning . I have made Thanksgiving dinner for so many years ( one of the few times that I really like to cook) , that I will be glad to cover it . Your company will be the very best thing that you can bring . We are looking forward to having you all here . ( The sleeper sofa for the media room will arrive this Friday! )
I am glad that the information that I sent was useful to you . I had originally planned to be at Wellesley for the interviews on campus . I now have business commitments in Houston that will keep me from making the trip . But I am certainly glad that you are included in the interviews . Please feel free to call me if you have any questions either before or after the interview process . --Sally
Please put this on my calendar . I can't get this to print and it is too small for me to read !
Pecan pie would be great - I have tried but do not do that very well , but I love it . I will probably make pumpkin chiffon and lemon/raspberry pie , so pecan would be a great addition . Mom is going to do the rolls . We will put the reserved sign on the guest room for you - improvements in those quarters as well . I recently cleaned out the guest room closet , bought new towels and have ordered new luggage racks . We will use the old luggage racks in the media room . Cool new blanket for the sofa bed in there , however , so Cara and Chris won't suffer too much .
Andrew Parsons is currently leading a project to define and quantify the costs for several different alternatives for disaster recovery . We should get an update from him to see if there is anything applicable . There is sheer disaster that impacts many companies/locations ( which may require one approach) , and then there is nusance stuff ( frozen freeways in Houston , etc. ) that really requires an updated contact list and set of notification procedures . And then there is system failure and the requisite back up .
Please let Brent know that I will be on vacation on Monday , November 20th . I will actually be in the office for meetings from 12:00 to 5:00 that day , but I will be vacation that morning! ! Thanks . --Sally
I will serve as your representative in the year end 2000 Associates PRC Meeting . ENA Management Committee I represented some of you during the mid-year PRC meeting , and some of you are new to my list of Associates to represent . I have copied you on an e:mail message that I sent to your supervisor of record as of October 1 , according to the records of the Analysts and Associates Program . You will note that I have asked your supervisor to provide a list of your accomplishments for the second half of the year , as well as a description of your job responsibilities . You may want to take charge of creating this information . In addition to the input that I have requested from your supervisor , it would be helpful for me to have a copy of your resume ( not necessary to repeat , if you gave me one at mid-year) . While the PRC process will focus on your accomplishments during the prescribed time period at Enron , it enhances my ability to represent you in the process if I have some background information on you . My assistant will contact you during the next few days to set up a time for me to meet with each one of you , if you would like to do so before the PRC meeting . These meetings will be scheduled during the weeks of November 27 and December 4 . I will also meet or talk with your supervisor during those two weeks in preparation for the PRC meeting . Feel free to call me if you have any questions about the process . I will be out of the office the remainder of this week and most of next week , but I will check and respond to voice mail messages . My number is x35926 .
You are right -- we are all in the same boat . Or plane - or not on a plane . I have tried to get the Associates PRC meeting date switched with the Analyst PRC meeting ( scheduled for December 12th) . This switch actually was arranged last week by working with Jana G . in the AA Program . However , Charlene Jackson has apparently taken exception to that and is reportedly talking with Dave Delainey about this . Keep me posted , and I will let you know if I hear anything new . --Sally
Please print and put this in my folder for PRC . Thanks .
Thanks for the note . The family is doing well -- keeping us busy with a teenager driver , one in junior high and Tyler who is almost three . Hope that you and your family are doing well . I know that you must be busy at EES . Enjoy this upcoming holiday season . --Sally
Thanks for keeping me posted on the PRC meeting . I will make travel plans for the afternoon of December 13th accordingly . --Sally
I will be out of the office tomorrow and I have asked Mary Solmonson to attend in my place . Have a great Thanksgiving ! --Sally
Could there be other counterparties that have the same concern as Hess ? You will have to explain to me what the issue was . Thanks . --Sally
I am out of the office all day on Wednesday . --Sally Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
I will be out of the office on Tuesday , so have a great time without me . Have a great Thanksgiving . --Sally Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Thanks -- definitely not too late . --Sally
Thanks for the resume . She has had some good experience . Do you know much about her performance here at Enron ? Can I call and talk with her directly ? I would certainly keep the conversation confidential at this point . --Sally
Thanks for this info . I will call the students this week . With your notes , it looks as if we may be on target in terms of acceptances and the desired number of 6 . Keep me posted on what we hear from the students . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Is this what you have from AA as a format/information that they are comfortable with ? --Sally
The responsibility for granting access to the DPR and associated reports available through the Executive Viewer on line is being shifted from Scott Tholen's team to my operations team . ( This makes a lot of sense , since it is our group that prepares all of these reports. ) Fernley Dyson has requested access to this information via the Executive Viewer . In insuring a tight distribution list for these reports , please let me know via return e:mail or voice mail ( x35926 ) that you would like for Fernley to have access to the Enron-wide DPR . Thanks .
Attached is the list of PRC meetings that will cover operations for ENA , EIM and EGM . Location , times and attendees are listed for each meeting . There are five pre-review meetings that will take place starting today through December 5 in preparation for the Energy Operations PRC meeting that will be held on Friday , December 8 . I invite you to sit in on any or all of these meetings if you would like to do so . The most meaningful meeting will be on December 8th . In that meeting , we will review the results from the pre-review meetings for Senior Specialists and below . I would anticipate that if at each pre-review meeting the preferred distribution is met as instructed , then this portion of the meeting will not take too long . We will then review in more detail the managers , who will have been pre-ranked in the pre-review meetings . We will also review and rank the directors and senior directors . I can also be prepared to review my suggested rankings for the three VP's who report to me , with you , Wes Colwell and David Oxley in attendance . Call me if you have any questions . --Sally
I have attached a listing of planned PRC meetings for Operations that will be held in Houston . There will be a number of pre-review meetings that will be held over the next two weeks in preparation for an Energy Operations PRC meeting to be held on Friday , December 8th . The pre-meetings are necessary due to the sheer size of the groups . ( In addition to the meetings detailed in this schedule , Brent's team in EGM is having pre-meetings as well. ) The December 8th meeting will include all operations personnel from ENA , EGM and EIM . We will review the results from the pre-review meetings for Senior Specialists and below . I have asked that the results from the pre-review meetings mirror the "preferred distribution" , which as you probably know suggests that 15% of the population will not receive a bonus and should therefore be in the bottom two categories . Assuming that appropriate work has been done at the pre-review meetings , this review on the 8th should not be too lengthy . We will take considerably more time as we review the managers , who will have been pre-ranked as well . This will give us a good jumping off point for the cross calibration discussions . We will then review and rank the directors and senior directors . We will also be discussing suggested promotions during this meeting as well . Finally , assuming that I still have David Oxley and Wes Colwell captive and attentive , I will discuss my suggested rankings for the three VP's who report to me . ( We will of course pare down the list of attendees as we move up the ladder on levels that we are reviewing -- initial make up of the December 8th PRC is me and my direct reports within ENA , Brent and his direct reports within EGM and Brenda Herod from EIM. ) I have also extended an invitation to Louise Kitchen to attend the December 8th meeting . I do not know yet if she will attend . Do you have some suggestions for cross-calibrating on a global basis this year ? I think that next year we can put some plans in place early in the year to help facilitate this . Would you like to attend the meeting here in Houston on December 8th ? Is there a planned meeting in London that would make sense for me to attend ? Let me know your thoughts . -Sally
Meant to copy you on this reply to Mike , but forgot to do so before my initial send . Here it is.. .
Thanks for sending the announcement to me . You will be a great asset to EBS . And you will probably be working with some of our old Energy Operations staff members ! Stay in touch and I wish you the best in your new role . --Sally
Can you coordinate the Scott Tholen's team to do this ASAP ? Thanks . Keep me updated on when Fernley will have access . Thanks .
I have this on my calendar . I have jury duty on Tuesday starting at 8:00 am . I hope to make that short and sweet and be back here as soon as I can . So I should be able to make the meeting at 4:00 . I will call you if I get hung up at the court house . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
She was Superior - top of the table . Her written review should be in the file . Let me know if HR can not produce that for you and I can get you a copy . --Sally
Thanks for the heads up . I get so many of these requests and never can tell what is being requested ! Your note made this one fast and easy to handle . Thanks .
I have been summoned for jury duty onTuesday , November 28 at 8:00 am . While wanting to fulfill my civic duty , I am also hoping to be an unlikely juror this time around so that I can be back in the office sometime on Tuesday . I will call in and let Patti know my status .
I will be attending Wes Colwell's PRC meeting on December 7th . It starts at 8:00 and may not take the entire day . I will talk with Wes and see what he anticipates for timing to let you know if it makes sense to schedule me to interview . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
I have completed preliminary rankings on the attached sheet . You had included my name , and I did not put in a preliminary rank . Brent Price's name is missing . I would put him in the Excellent category at this time . Let me know if you need anything else . It is possible that I may change a few of the preliminary rankings as I get more information from my direct reports who supervise certain directors . I will let you know . --Sally
I still agree that this is not the time for promotion to VP . Kristin certainly did an outstanding job in her role within ENA during the first half of the year . I would like to see her develop a broader view across the organization and be able to be more effective in working with others and sharing her knowledge and experience before she is promoted to VP . I guess that the one caveat that I would put out , is to wait and see if there are other names brought forth from other parts of the organization that would make it seem that Kristin should be in that pack . --Sally
I think that it is a great idea to compare recommendations for promotions . Our meeting will take place on December 8th , so we can be ready to discuss promotion recommendations as early as Monday , December 11 . When would be a good time for you ? The invitation to attend our December 8th meeting still stands . I know that it is along way to come for a single meeting ( although it will most likely be a fully day) , but if there are other things that you could accomplish while here , it could be worth it . --Sally
I had to report for jury duty today ( along with 500 others from Harris County) , and to my surprise I was selected to be a juror in a felony case . The case will continue on Wednesday , so our scheduled time for a conference call may not work . I will try to reach you from my car while I am on my way in for jury duty - probably around 8:30 or 9:00 Houston time .
Thanks for including me . Unfortunately , I will be out of town at an offsite meeting with the ENA management team from December 13 - 16 . --Sally
FYI
Is there anything that I can do to help you and Jo ? Tyler has school on Tuesdays and Thursdays , but my nanny is at home with him on the other days . Would it help for her to take Albert ? --Sally
Flight times are good . Please insure that my hotel reservation is for a non-smoking room . Thanks . --Sally
To my surprise , I was chosen today to sit on a jury to hear a felony charge . The judge believes that we can conclude the trial by end of the day on Wednesday or perhaps on Thursday . I will be back here working after trial hours in the office and checking voice mail messages during breaks in the proceedings . I will be back full time as soon as my civic duty is fulfilled ! Enron is well presented in the court system over the next few days . I sat by Mark Koenig in the jury assembly room today , and he too was chosen to serve on another jury .
Sorry that I didn't get to call you on my way to the courthouse yesterday . I was conducting lots of business back and forth with the Houston office during the drive and just ran out of time . We reconvene in court this morning , to have what I hope will be final deliberation on sentencing , having found the guy guilty on both counts , ( Prior to the start of a trial , the defendant must choose either judge or jury to administer the sentence if the defendant is found guilty - he chose the jury. ) I am in the office now for an 8:30 meeting with Jeff Skilling regarding the upcoming Associates PRC meeting , to which I am a rep . If I don't get a chance to reach you today , I will call during my commute tomorrow . --Sally By the way , I thought that when I put "Energy Executive" as my occupation on the jury summons form , that I would be deemed to be too conservative and too corporate to be chosen for the jury . Not the case ! In fact , Mark Koenig ( Enron's EVP of Investor Relations ) was summoned for jury duty on Tuesday as well , and he too was chosen to be on a different jury ! The whole thing is actually very fascinating - just bad timing for me to be out so much this week . But then , there never is a good time .
I understand that the return e:mail that I sent to Kim Rizzi on November 27th was not opened by HR . Please note on my e:mail below that I had asked for clarification on Brent Price . This was the second e:mail that I had sent to Kim regarding Brent with no reply back . My first message had noted for Kim that Brent was left out of my list , and asked whether or not Rick Causey planned to supply a pre-ranking for Brent or if I needed to do so . Can you clarify this for me ? Brent reports to me as the head of operations for EGM and to Rick Causey in his role as CAO of EGM . Here are the appropriate pre-rankings for grouped by level: Superior Excellent Strong Satisfactory Needs Improv . Issues Hall Sr . Directors Solmonson Reeves Herod Scribner Directors Thomas Mills Superty Henenberg Perez Wilson Venturatos
I have been on jury duty since Tuesday this week - I had Patti call Chris today and let him know that I would get back with him next week . I will keep you posted as I have time to focus on that next week . Thanks for following up ! --Sally Enron North America Corp .
I'm glad to know that she is home . I can just imagine how much fun those oxygen treatments will be ! I know that you will be thankful to have your whole family under the same roof . --Sally
I am resending this memo regarding the information that I need from you as Cheryl Ingstad's supervisor as I prepare to represent her in the Associates PRC meeting next week . I am tied up in other PRC meetings on December 7 , 8 and 11 , so I am doing my homework earlier rather than later this week . Please note the bullet points in the memo below which outline the information that I need . I do have copies of the internal feedback forms and Cheryl's self-evaluation . Let me know if you have any questions . I know that things are very busy right now , but it is important to the Associates that their reps in the PRC process are well prepared . Your input will help me with that . Thanks . --Sally
Please print this memo and attachments in color for me . Thanks . --Sally
I am not available to interview on December 7th . I will be in a PRC meeting . Try me next time ! --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for letting us know about Blake . I just tried to reach him and left a congratulatory message on his answering machine .
January 27th and February 24th sound good . Meagan has a big dance on Jan . 27th , and I need to be here to help with prep and to take pictures . February 17th is our anniversary ( 22nd!!) , so that is probably not a good date either . So if you can make one of the other two dates work , I would love to come . Just keep me posted .
Well , she declined our kind offer , didn't she ? As busy as life is between work and home for me right now , I can't say that it will bother me too much to attend a shower where someone else makes the finger sandwiched and punch ! Do be on the look out for the perfect pack of diaper pins . I noticed some at a rack at Randall's the other day.. . ( Just kidding! ) Hope you all are doing fine . I was on jury duty three days last week - really interesting , but totally screwed up my schedule at work . I have been doing double-time to try to catch up , especially since I plan to be off the week of December 18th .
As you know , exceeding this limit would require contacting the Enron Board of Directors . Jeff Skilling is keenly interested in this measurement . In conversations with Ted Murphy today , Jeff has asked that he receive a daily report from Ted on component V@R . Ted called me about 3:00 pm today ( Houston time ) to let me know about this requirement . Obviously , we want to meet Skilling's request with information that is as timely , accurate and complete as possible . Therefore , we were concerned about feeds from London that over the past several weeks have caused one London commodity or another to be excluded from the first run of component V@R . ( Mike: I assume that you are very familiar with these feed problems from your representative that you send to the daily 8:30 meeting. ) I pulled Steve Stock out of a pre-PRC meeting to meet with Ted , Shona , Ramesh and me at 4:00 today . Realizing that the time was very late in London , we tried to reach you both at home numbers and by cell phone to include you in the meeting . Since we could not do so , we continued without you given that Skilling will want to see this report daily starting tomorrow . Here is the key fact to know: It takes 3 hours to run the component V@R calculations , once all inputs have been received and processed . The Component V@R calculations are kicked off at 6:30 am Houston time , producing an approximate completion time of 9:30 am Houston time . With this timeframe , our goal would be to have the component V@R report to Jeff by approximately 10:00 am Houston time . Given current calculation times , in order to consistently calc component V@R including all London feeds , London books ( UK power , UK gas and Nordic power ) will have to be completed , calculated and officialized by 4:00 am Houston time ( 10:00 am London time) . If this time frame is not met , then component V@R reports for Jeff will be incomplete . We had hoped to discuss this with you today so that you could work with your operations staff , systems support and traders to insure that you could consistently meet a 10:00 am London requirement for officialized books . The other immediate action to take is to ask Mike to work with David Hardy on what we understand to be an almost-completed task of including UK spread options in V@R calculations using the V@R engine . Those V@R calculations that are done through Excel calculations are not captured and included in the component V@R calculations . While there are other commodities that will currently be excluded from component V@R reports , they are deemed to be less material than the UK spread options . Ramesh felt that it is only a matter of days before this is completed . Mike , we would like for you to stay on top of this from an operations perspective to insure that this happens . I should note that the firm 10:00 am deadline for officializing books in the UK will only result in producing a report for Jeff by 10:00 am Houston time . We don't know what Jeff's expectation will be regarding timing . It is probably safe to say that we should be actively looking at process and systems changes that could result in the ability to deliver such a report earlier in the morning . Mike , I will call you during my morning commute on Thursday to see whether or not you have any questions or if there are concerns about consistently meeting the 10:00 am deadline in London .
Whew! ! Your schedule makes me tired ! I am sure that Brigeda is happy that you are involved in so many activities with her school - and then on the other hand , sometimes you wonder if they notice ! Work sounds crazy for you , but how nice that you will be off from December 21 until the 2nd . I hope that make it over the week before Christmas . The week is kind of crazy for us , so I am trying to find a time that will work . Sunday the 17th we are having a dessert party at our house , inviting neighbors , old Huntwick friends , etc . It is for families , and Meagan and Amanda each included 4 of their friends in the invitiation list , along with their familities . It will be multi-generational - I hope fun , as it would be a nice tradition to continue . On Monday , I think that David plans to take Tyler and Amanda to Longview for a visit . A commitment that Meagan and I have to sort toys at Northwest Assistance Ministries from 12:30 to 4:00 that day has excused us from the trip . So it may be best for Meagan and me to drive over to Austin after 4:00 on Monday . We could be back by the time David and company return to Houston on Tuesday afternoon . Wednesday we have matinee tickets to see A Christmas Carol at the Alley Theater , sans Tyler . Thursday I am having all of my girls in NCL over to wrap gifts for the family that we have adopted for Christmas and then we will deliver the presents . And Friday is Tyler's birthday , with a 102 Dalmation theme planned ( cake ordered from RJ Goodies , but nothing else done yet!) . So I really think that our only shot to make it to Austin is for Monday night , which would mean only Meagan and me . I talked with Mom last night and invited Dad and her to Houston for Christmas . I don't really think that they will come , but if they do , I hope that doesn't mess up your Christmas . They have only been here for one or two Christmases with us since we have had kids . I think that Tyler at 3 this year will be particularly enthralled . And next year they will have 2 grandchildren in Austin , so it just seemed that this could be a good year for them to come . She said she would think about it , and I told her that I wanted her to know that we would love to have them , but that it was perfectly okay if they decided that they did not want to come . How about Dad playing golf this week ? What a difference! ! I am so glad that he is doing better . I hear you about Mom . I think that a blow-up or some drama is highly predictable , unfortunately . She seems to do that a lot at special occassions for Cara , doesn't she ? I will certainly help in any way I can . And I will be very interested in the gosipy details . Happy baking ! I do have to make 5 batches of fudge tonight and tomorrow night so that I can attend a cookie exchange luncheon on Saturday armed with 27 packages of fudge .
This is hilarious ! I am laughing outloud! !
Good memo - let me know if you see results . Enron North America Corp .
I had lunch with Barry yesterday and suggested that they might benefit from attending these meetings . Hope you don't mind my extending that invitation . --Sally
I hope that you got my reminder message that I was attending Wes Colwell's PRC meeting today , which kept me from attending the ENW staff meeting over lunch today . My remaining PRC obligations are as follows: Friday , Dec . 8 Energy Operations PRC 8:00 am until ?  Monday , Dec . 11 ` Enron Wholesale Services PRC 8:00 - 9:30 am Wednesday , Dec . 13 Associates 7:30 am until ?  The Enron Americas Management Team Offsite scheduled for Las Vegas December 13-16 had been cancelled , so I will be in the office all of next week .
Did you get to check on lunch plans for Thursday or Friday next week with directs ? This looks like it could conflict .
In cleaning up e:mails , I ran across this one that I had not yet read . Has James called and talke with you about Enpower ? Are his concerns in the memo accurate ? Let me know . --Sally
What is the latest on this one ? I gather that they are still using spreadsheets , which in and of itself is not necessarily a problem . Are their positions not being captured and aggregated ? What does Scott Mills have to say about this ? --Sally
Thanks for the heads up .
Very belated reply - I am cleaning up old e:mails today , and came across this one that I had not answered . Commercial does not sign confirmations at this point . Too many to make that practical these days . When I started the confirm desk in 1994 , traders were signing confirms at that time . Once they knew that they had someone who would take responsibility to make sure they were right , they were very glad to pass that responsibility to me . In the early days of power , the traders once again were signing confirms . Obviously interested in the details of every deal that was done . But as the business grew , that too changed . --Sally
Yes , you are nuts ! I can't believe that you already have so many gingerbread houses made . The cookie exchange was fun - fudge is definitely the easy route on that one . I will get the recipe from home tonight and will e:mail it to you tomorrow . -Sally
Did Debbie talk with the two of you before putting together her memo ? Is she raising this to me because she wasn't comfortable with the outcome of her conversations with you two , or did she skip that step ? Just curious , before I send any type of response . I would need details from you around the process for updates to Entelligence and Global Counterparty . Surely one feeds the other ? --Sally
I will call you tonight !
I certainly agree that updated information from the wider company database should flow to update GCP . I assume that you have talked with both Mary Solmonson and James Scribner about this process to understand the details . They are the logical experts for that discussion . Your memo is a little vague on that , so if you are getting information from someone else and have not taken the time to talk with the best sources , I would suggest spending time with James and Mary so that you and they are appropriately informed . Absolutely there are procedures in place to handle these updates to GCP . I believe that these are pretty manual , as there are no systematic feeds from Entelligence into GCP . James and Mary ( I refer to both because James has only recently assumed Mary's duties within Global Databases ) can best discuss how this process works . If you are aware of specific concerns around this , I know that James and Mary will want to hear that from you . As is to be expected for any business that has experienced a 600% increase in the number of transactions year on year , there are challenges that we face daily in all of the tasks that we do . Your input will help James in making sure that priorities are set and personnel are deployed to tackle the biggest issues that we have . I recognize the challenge that Credit must be facing in aggregating exposures in our market environment today . With your input , we will do our very best to be certain that the data surrounding the 5.000+ deals that are done daily is as accurate as possible .
?  ? Will IT resources make a difference in what we need to deliver and how quickly we can do it ? Someone must be giving credit the idea that "if only we had IT resources..." and that those resources are active on Entelligence but are not helping us on other business basics . --Sally
How about our resources ? Is there someone working on Entelligence now for us that could at least temporarily be redirected to work on updating GCP appropriately ?
Here it is !
Call or e:mail - either one is great . I do hope that you are working with James directly on these issues as they surface . It is still not clear to me whether or not you two have spent time together on these issues . I will always support whatever changes can be made to our processes or controls that will insure better information . Because I can't personally do all of the work , I just want to be sure that you are plugged in to work directly with the right management team members on my team . I don't think that we are purposefully doing duplicate work . I believe that the manual process that moves information from the Entelligence team to GCP has apparently not worked as well as was designed . While sorry that the results haven't been as expected , we are glad to have your input now to help address this . James has reassigned the resources from Entelligence for now to work with Mary Gosnell on updates to GCP that I understand have been prioritized with you .
Thanks for following up on this .
Thanks for rounding up the tickets for the Orange Bowl . You can mail them to me , or just hold them until I see you after Christmas . Mike's wife decided not to make the trip , so he won't be using the tickets . Jody Crook will use the other two tickets . Lunch during the week between Christmas and New Years sounds great to me . I will be working that week , but would be glad to meet you guys at Champions for lunch if that is best . Or if you are game for Irma's , just let me know when you would like to come downtown . --Sally
I meant to blind copy you on this . Here it is.. .
Thanks for looking into this and getting back to me . Let me know the final resolution on this one .
Cathy , I plan to be on vacation next week and therefore will not be at the December 18th staff meeting .
I left Mike a message telling him that I was forwarding this to you and that someone on your team would verify this information and get back to him . His note asks for info back by Friday the 17th - Friday is the 15th and I assume that is the deadline that he intends . Thanks . --Sally
I went by the store on my way home and saw a Pillsbury mix with red and green confetti in it - decided that cupcakes would be simpler than cookies . Since it was after 10:00 when I got started on this project , it turned out be a good decision . I would like your recipe so that when we are doing baking for the family next week that I can use it .
Thanks for the heads up . I will be here all day tomorrow . --Sally
I didn't get back from the meeting with Causey and Buy until just before 6:00 today - not that the meeting was long - Rick Causey was just running late so we cooled our heels outside his office for quite a while before getting started . I decided that midnight would be outside the bounds of office dedication , so I did not call ! Enjoy your time off tomorrow and on Monday . My plans are to take off next week , and to be back in the office to work the week between Christmas and New Years . I wouldn't recommend taking your time during your day off to call , but if you finish your Christmas shopping and do want to call , my calendar is free all afternoon after lunch tomorrow . Wish I could send you with a shopping list for me! !
FYI - Despite the fact that this an OU student , I thought that you would find this note interesting . Since we compete with Big 5 for talent at several schools , we should be aware of the make up of some of their job offers that lure students to join them . Paying for a masters degree at UVA ahead of time is certainly an interesting piece of this job offer . See note from Lexi below .
The Analyst/Associates Program plans to send the PRC reps a final listing of the PRC results by Tuesday , December 19th . They asked that we not communicate results until after that date . I did not write down all results from the meeting , so I would be glad to let you know , but would prefer to wait until I have written documentation of final results in front of me before doing so . Both Remi and Don Black were able to add to my discussion around Erwin , so he was well respresented in the process . I am scheduled to be out on vacation next week , but I will check e:mail messages from home and will get back with you via e:mail next week to let you know final results . Hope that you enjoy the holidays . I will be back at work right after Christmas . -Sally
Great to hear from you . I was thinking about you today . I will look forward to your starting on the 29th . Certainly if anything comes up with the move or the family , feel free to shift that date as needed . I will be glad to have you as part of the team and think that we will have fun working together . I am on vacation next week ( lots of shopping , wrapping , baking planned , plus Tyler's birthday party) , and I am really looking forward to that . I do feel as if I have been the PRC queen recently . Wes' PRC last Thursday , mine on Friday , Enron Wholesale Services ( minus Europe ) with Mark Frevert on Monday of this week and a full day ( 7:30 am to 8:00 pm on Wednesday for the Associates PRC . I do need a break ! I will be working the week after Christmas . Although we do have a holiday on December 26th , we will trading that day . Lots of my logistics and risk guys will be in , so I will probably make an appearance that day . I will be in for full days on the 27th -29th . Very few commitments on the calendar for those days , so just let me know when you would like to get together . Hope that you , Frank and Lauren have a wonderful Christmas holiday . --Sally
Patti will send you on Monday a draft of a memo regarding publishing the DPR during the holidays . Please review it and make sure that the commitments we are making can be met by London . Let me know if anything needs to be changed or if there is further clarification needed in the notes , keeping in mind that with the audience on the memo that I want it to be short and easy . Your comments/suggestions are welcomed and needed before I send this out later next week . Thanks . --sally
I will be out of the office on vacation during the week of December 18 . Please refer to the contact names below as needed during that week . I can be reached at my home number ( 281-370-8568 ) if necessary . DPR Chris Abel x33102 MPR David Maxwell x36983 Gas Operations Bob Hall x36956 Leslie Reeves x37962 Power Operations Stacey White x31870 Leslie Reeves x37962 Canadian Operations Peggy Hedstrom 403-974-6753 I will be back in the office on Wednesday , December 27 through Friday , December 29 . I will also be in for part of the day on Tuesday , December 26 . Although that is an Enron holiday , there will be appropriate logistics personnel and book administrators in the office to support trading activities that day .
I understand from Shona that you and she have discussed our plans for Doorstep Reviews in 2001 . I am asking via this note for my assistant to set up a meeting for the two of us to spend some time reviewing the timeline , methodology , Andersen's involvement and the involvement of your team . I will be on vacation the week of December 18 . I will be working the week between Christmas and New Year's , so if you are in the office we can plan on getting together that week .
Got your most recent message . Your observation is correct that the Enron Americas staff member on Shawn's team has not been involved to date with Doorstep reviews or planning . Although Shawn made an offer to Michelle some time ago , there was a long lead time for her arrival . She did not start with the company until after Thanksgiving . Since she started a couple of weeks ago , Wes and I have asked her to look into several specific findings from the most AA internal audit projects and to work with our staffs to provide some solutions to issues that were raised . There simply has not been the time to date to expose her to Doorstep . After Shawn and I meet ( see below) , I will briefly summarize for you the roles that all groups will play in the Doorstep Review process . Before we move forward I want to be sure that all parties agree on the purpose , methodology , participants and execution plan for this on-going project .
The following schedule has been distributed as noted regarding publishing the DPR over the next two weeks . I know that books run in Calgary , Houston , and Portland will be calculated and officialized on Friday , December 22nd for trading that day . The current plan is not to publish the DPR for December 22nd on Tuesday , December 26th , but to wait until the first Enron official business day to do so ( i.e . Wednesday , December 27th) . That will work as long as trading results for Friday , December 22nd are not dramatic . Please leave a voice mail message after calcing the books on Friday , December 22nd for Chris Abel ( x33102 ) to give him trading results by commodity for December 22nd . If there are dramatic results , Chris may produce a preliminary and rough DPR on Tuesday , December 26th with the information that you provide . For locations that will not calc and officialize books on Friday , December 22nd , you will still need to contact Chris to give him your best estimate of trading results . Thanks for your continuing help in providing timely and accurate information for the worldwide trading organization . I hope that all of you enjoy your holidays .
We are making some progress with the timeliness of London information . More to come.. .
Thanks for including me in the invitation to Slick Willie's . Unfortunately , I will not be able to attend . I will be at the Orange Bowl in Miami and will not return until the morning of the 4th .
Unfortunately , I will miss your farewell at Slick Willie's on January 3rd . I am sorry that I won't be able to drink a beer with you as a send off , but perhaps we can have one in London later in January as your welcome to London . I will be in Miami on January 3rd , hopefully celebrating an Oklahoma win in the Orange Bowl earlier that day . David found us tickets to the game . Not great seats , but they are in the stadium . Hey , it's not UT , but it should still be fun to go . I will miss you and your wit and constructive cynisism in Houston . But I know that I can count on you to be just as vocal from London ! I plan to be there at least quarterly in 2001 , and will definitely welcome your first hand observations on operational areas that may need attention . Hopefully between e:mail and voice mail we can definitely keep in touch . Tell Ann that I hope that this will be a great adventure for her and the whole family . I think that it is a wonderful time in your children's lives to give them this experience . Have fun -- and set them straight! !
Good memo on contacts . Thanks for copying me . Have a wonderful vacation . I know that you will be glad to have Jordan back with you . --Sally
I should have included you on this contact list . I will remember to do so next time . I will be in the office all of this week , so please call me directly on any information needs you or team may have this week .
You should see this reply from Mike -- it is more positive than the response from James New . Sounds as if they have not yet finished their document on required changes to processes , systems , commercial practices , etc . to move to a same day calculation of their books . Mike and I have talked about this as a longer term goal for the London office and I knew that he was working with James and others to come up with a plan and a timeline . I expect to review that with Mike when he has it in a draft form that warrants that discussion . That is why you haven't yet seen the document . --Sally
Hope that Christmas with your family was fun and that your days off for shopping were fruitful . I enjoyed my week off before Christmas , but certainly felt as if I worked very hard -- shopping , wrapping , baking , volunteering , birthday party for Tyler on the 22nd ( 3 years old - not very good planning to throw that into the mix each Christmas season) , etc . It is nice to be back in the office this week , although I still have all of those Christmas decorations to put away sometime soon ! I have tentatively planned a trip to the London office during the week of January 15 . I will fly over on Sunday , so that I would have Monday through Thursday in the office there . I have blocked those days on my calendar and Patti has made flight reservations for me just to hold that week open . How does that work with your schedule ? Will you be in the office that week and what is your schedule like ? I certainly wouldn't occupy all of your time during that week , but I wouldn't want to make the trip that week if you don't have some time available . Let me know , and then we can firm up discussions topics and agendas . ( My thought on that particular week is that it gets us past year end closing issues and that I could be back in the office during the week of January 22 and thereafter to communicate bonus information. ) I am in the office all of this week . --Sally
To continue to keep you in the loop - looks like Mike is moving in the right direction on this --Sally
The items noted look like a good start to earlier detection of issues that may require reruns of valuation . Thanks for marshalling the right resources to make this happen . I will look forward to seeing your process timelines for current , iterim and target final state . If my trip to London in mid-January works for your schedule , maybe this is something that we could go over then . --Sally
Can you put a referenced as of date on the spreadsheet itself ? If you print the spreadsheet for reference after receiving the e:mail , there is no as of date that appears on the print out of the spreadsheet . Your attachment includes the date as the name of the file , but this does not appear when you simply print our the attached spreadsheet . Thanks . --Sally Beck
I am meeting with Shona tomorrow to review the scheduling of doorstep reviews for the first quarter . As long as the New York review isn't the week of January 15th , then I think I will still target that week for a London trip . Don't feel as if you have to clear the whole week for me - I know that you are very busy , so I expect that we will work in time together around critical things that you need to handle . I will try to send you a list of topics that I would like to cover by the end of the day tomorrow to give us a starting point . You may have some suggestions on others that I should meet with while I am there . Thanks . --Sally
Thanks for letting me know . I am sure that you have communicated with the Portland risk group regarding this slip up . What assurances have you gotten from them about their diligence in the future in officializing books ? Do you think that everyone there is on board and aware of how important this is ? --Sally
Kim , do you have an estimated completion date for the commodities where the notation is that information is being compiled ? My guess would be that the one commodity that is up-to-date ( financial power ) is the one with the lowest number of transactions . That means that the lion's share of the work is still to be done . Are we staffed to get this completed in a timely manner ? As I mentioned to you before , I would not hesitate enlisting Jeff Sorenson to do much of catch up work if we are short on people to get this done promptly . Let me know if you need his help , and I will visit with Brent Price . I know that Brent would support Jeff's involvement to get his caught up . Who specifically will be responsible on an on-going basis to handle for the RMT Confirmations ? Will we have some sort of report that we can send to Stephen each month that will indicate the completion of this task so that he is comfortable on an on-going basis that this is being kept up-to-date ? --Sally
I saw Kim's response to Stephen Douglas , but it left me short of comfort on a completion timeline or enough details around assurance on an on-going basis that this will be kept up . I sent the note below to Kim . I am sure that she manages well , but I think that we should encourage her to step into full responsibility and to be able to effectively communicate that within the organization . It is likely that when Stephen reads her note , that he will call me and tell me that he still doesn't know when this task will be completed . That was his concern yesterday , and Kim's note really doesn't address that . If she doesn't have an estimated completion date , then she should set a target date for having all of the info compiled and state that at that date she will be able to create a realistic timeline for completing the task . Kim must own and communicate effectively the solutions , or I will be the one that gets the phone calls . The ENA organization must develop confidence in others on our team . Let's help Kim earn that confidence by coaching her to imagine the info that the customers needs ( Stephen ) and to clearly communicate information that addresses his needs . Thanks .
I have always worked right up until my due date . There is a lot of waiting and somehow I thought that the time passed more quickly if I was in the office in my normal routine . Meagan was due on Wednesday , May16 . I set my last date of work for Friday , May 11 . Mom came in that weekend for Mothers' Day (  you were with her , right? ) and then we did stuff the next couple of days until Meagan was born . With Amanda , I owned the shop at the time and I was probably in the shop the morning of the day she was born . She was a week late , so we just didn't know what to expect . Tyler's due date was December 18 , and I set my last day of work for the Friday before that date . Of course , then he was late , but we were in the throws of remodeling , so I was out picking out carpet and paint in those final days . A lot of this probably depends on how tired you are and whether or not you feel like you have everything at the house ready . I still had a lot of energy at the end of my pregnancies and I had also managed to get rooms ready early , so I enjoyed working as long as I could . Definitely make a point of you and Chris going to some movies at the theater before the baby comes . You won't be able to do that for quite a while afterwards! !
I have completed internal feedback forms through the PEP system for Brent Price , Bob Hall and Peggy Hedstrom . Those appeared to be the only names that you included for which you wanted my input . Somehow , from Andrea's voice mail message last week , I had anticipated responding to more requests - I thought perhaps input in working with Wes within ENA or Melissa on SAP . Those weren't on my list within the PEP system , so I just wanted you to know that I have responded to the three that were there . If there was intent for me to respond to any others , they weren't accessible in the system . ( Believe me , I am not asking for more - just wanted to be sure that what I saw in PEP as a request matched your expectations in terms of my response) . --Sally
Patti delivered to Sharron's desk this week a copy of my 2000 accomplishments . You should find that when you return to the office . Let me know if for some reason you do not have that copy , and I will have another delivered . Have a happy new year ! I will be at the Cotton Bowl watching Meagan's drill team perform - and also watching some of the game . Thankfully , no emotional attachment to either team in that game ! I just hope that we don't freeze . --Sally
We will also have both of our cell phones with us: David 713-299-1436 Sally 713-417-1591 We will hope for a little warmer weather in Fort Lauderdale! ! The game is on Wednesday evening - we will do some sightseeing during the day on Wednesday . I will be back in the office on Thursday afternoon . Love , Sally
I will be out of the office on Wednesday , January 3 . I am married to an OU graduate , so we are headed to the Orange Bowl to hopefully see Oklahoma hang onto their number 1 ranking . I will be back in the office after lunch on Thursday , January 4 . My assistant , Patti Thompson ( x39106) , has phone numbers where I can be reached . Please contact Bob Hall at x36956 with any questions while I am out .
I have been out of the office at the Orange Bowl game and have just returned within the last hour . That probably would make next week better for me than this week . Give me a call and we will set something up . My number is x35926 . If you don't reach me , call my temp assistant ( Camella - x39106 ) and she will be able to set up a meeting . Thanks .
I will be there at 8:40 on Monday -- not a word until then.. .
I passed this information along to some of my direct reports for their thoughts , and truthfully didn't hear back from anyone and didn't follow up . Two years ago , we agreed to be part of a benchmarking study that was done by AA's Houston office ( interestingly enough , Wes Colwell was the AA partner who led this effort ) and we had mixed results . The study was designed to cover gas and power . Despite our involvement in the steering committee , the study itself was very , very detailed , such that it was troublesome to complete . Jim Fallon at the time refused to submit information on the majority of the questions surrounding power , so our survey data for power was not very useful . I would agree that at this time we will pass on this request . Thanks for passing it along , however . I would be happy to convey this directly to the person that has contacted you . Just let me know his/her name and number and I will follow through on that if you would like . Hope that your holidays was enjoyable and that the new year will be a good one for you . --Sally
I have a standing staff meeting that I attend on Monday mornings , so I will not be available when you and James meet on the 8th . I will look forward to getting with James after your meeting for an update .
I was just thinking about the anniversary thing , too . I bought a book at Barnes & Noble -- 100 Best Family Resorts in North America . I found the name of one place that I have seen in the past in magazines that I always thought looked good - High Hampton Inn and Country Club in North Carolina . Another place that I have seen is something like Blackberry Farm in Tennessee . Both meet the criteria of mountains in the Carolina/Tennessee range . I will get info on both and we can look at it . I worry a little bit about having such a range of ages that I want to make sure that we go someplace where there is plenty to do for all -- just sitting for some , shopping , eating , golf , etc . These two places may be on the smaller side and may or may not offer enough variety . I thought that I would also get some info on some other places that may not have popped up on Mom and Dad's list but that might be good for the whole family . One of those might catch their interest as well . I can understand that with prolonged holiday exposure to Mom and Dad that the thought of this trip could wear thin . I would like the opportunity to be together with everyone -- maybe we could send them on a nice dinner just the two of them and the rest of us could have fun one night ! Even though Dad is doing so much better , you never know when you will have the chance to get everyone together on a trip like this . Memory-maker or nightmare -- could be a toss up , but maybe worth the try . Let's share some research and see if there is any place that we could get excited about going .
I would like to invite each of you to participate in a brainstorming session with me on Friday , January 12 from 8:30 am through lunch . The purpose of this meeting will be to surface and capture ideas around the potential commercialization of mid and back office services that we provide . I know that many of you have ideas about services and/or products that could be marketed and some of you have been involved in arrangements where we have or are currently providing services to outside parties . While there are efforts underway with certain modules under CommodityLogic , I want this session to be used to take a broader look at how we might market mid and back office services . I hope that you will be able to attend . Details on location of the meeting and more exact timing will be sent to you on Monday when Patti returns from vacation .
Absolutely - Clara should have been included . I asked for a list of managers and above within EGM from Chantelle , and used that for the distribution list . Her list omitted Clara . All lists that I requested from EGM , ENA and EIM were to have also included those being promoted to manager as a result of our year-end PRC process . I don't think that I got consistent info from everyone , so I am rechecking names right now and will send Clara a message about the meeting as I also clean up any others that were left off of lists . Thanks for catching this . --Sally
I am so sorry to hear about your dad . I did not know that he had passed away . I know that he has been very ill . My thoughts are with you and your family . I know that it must hard to say goodbye to someone that has been such a part of your life for so long . We will miss you on the 11th , but certainly understand your absence . --Sally
I hope that you are enjoying your break from school , and am sure that it is even more enjoyable with that Number 1 ranking decided ! My husband ( an OU grad ) and I were at Orange Bowl , and it was really exciting to be there and see the team absolutely stop FSU . If you have any questions regarding your job offer from Enron while you are on vacation , please give me a call . 2000 was a banner year for us at Enron , and we were excited about what we will accomplish in 2001 . I hope that you will join us and be a part of that . My office number is 713-853-5926 . If it is more convenient for you , feel free to call me at home as well . That number is 281-370-8568 . Boomer Sooners!! ! Sally Beck
I am sure that you are enjoying your break from school . It is always great to have finals behind you and several weeks of vacation stretching in front of you . No doubt you are spending time thinking about your next step after graduation . I would be glad to answer any questions that you may have about your offer while you are going through that process . Enron had a fantastic year in 2000 , and we are excited about what we will accomplish in 2001 . We hope that you will be a part of that . My number at work is 713-853-5926 . Please feel free to call me any time . If it is more convenient for you to talk during the evening or on the weekend , my home number is 281-370-8568 . Don't hesitate to call . Sally Beck
I will ask Patti to set up a meeting for us this week . Your name has been on my list to call - a trip to the Orange Bowl last week cut my week short , so I will look forward to getting with you this week . --Sally
Sounds good to me .
Sheri has told me that you made an announcement recently . Congratulations on the baby ! I hope that you are feeling well . I am so happy for you and your husband . My how your lives will change! ! But how enriched they will be . Our three are so much fun . I will also always be honest with expectant moms and say that a new baby is an incredible amount of work as well and that it sometimes takes a while to really enjoy the experience . If you ever want some funny stories about adjusting to being a first-time mom , just let me know . I would be glad to share my experience with you . --Sally
I know that you left a message with Patti about contacting David Eastlake . I have sent e:mail messages to him that must have been delivered , as I did not get a message about undeliverable e:mail . I haven't heard back from him . The phone numbers on the contact sheet are the students' numbers at school . I have left a voice mail both for Daniel Jenkins and David during the week between Christmas and New Year's , knowing that it was unlikely that they would be in Austin . ( It would be great to have their home numbers as better contact numbers during school breaks. ) I was on vacation the week before Christmas and for two days last week . And I admit that I did not contact any students while I was on vacation ! I will try their Austin numbers this week again . Although classes don't start until next week , they may come back to Austin early . Similar situation with my OU students . I have conversed by e:mail since I did not have home numbers . Do you know when classes resume at OU ? I will try my students there this week again by phone in case they are returning to school early . I had lunch with Ted Jacobs the week between Christmas and New Years - it was a thank you for finding some Orange Bowl tickets that David and I purchased . ( Yes , we were at the game and saw OU win the national championship! ) I have an update from him on our list of OU candidates , according to his understanding of some of the decisions they have made . If you have a few minutes today , give me a call and I can go over that with you . Since full-time offers were changed , did we appropriately change summer intern offers as well ? I didn't see anything in your e:mails about that . Let me know . --Sally
I just composed a somewhat lengthy e:mail about the anniversary trip , and then closed out Lotus Notes and checked discard changes . So it is gone - but not sent! ! Can you e:mail me back your office phone number and if it is convenient for you , I will give you call and use old fashioned technology .
Great - I will add her name to the distribution list so that she will get our upcoming note on the location for this meeting . Thanks . Enron North America Corp .
I will be out of town on January 19 , so Brenda Herod has agreed to make the presentation for Rick Causey . Please replace my name with hers for all communication regarding this Analyst Orientation . Thanks .
Congratulations on the birth of your daughter ! Meagan called this afternoon to tell me the news . I will perhaps get more details when I get home tonight . I hope that Laura and the baby are doing well . Let us know what we can do to help . I am sure that Jackson is a proud brother . We will be anxious to meet our newest neighbor . --Sally
I knew that you would still be in London . Just thought that I would start to copy you on some things so that you could begin to get a feel for what's going on . Yes , I will be in London next week . Plan to fly over on Sunday night and will be in the office around noon on Monday . I will be there through Thursday , and will plan to fly back to Houston on Friday . Let's definitely plan to get together . I am in the throws of bonus reviews at this moment ( I am cooling my heels waiting for HR to get me info on people that were left off of my sheet) , so a little later today I will focus on my schedule for next week . I will send an e:mail later in the day to see when we can get together . Looking forward to it . --Sally
Jeff , thanks for taking care of this for Fred . --Sally
I will attend the meeting on Thursday , but will have to leave around 1:15 to make it to a meeting at the Doubletree where I am speaking at 1:30 . Thanks .
Right now , I am booked at 47 Park for next week . I would love to be closer to the office , but I don't know if there is anything that makes sense . Any suggestions ? If not something close to the office , would you suggest another spot besides 47 Park ? I am committed to working on my agenda for next week before I leave the office tonight . I will e:mail you tomorrow to see if we can schedule a time to meet and hopefully a lunch or dinner , too . --Sally
I love it! ! I think that is perfect . Much easier for my family and probably for everyone else . That way we can probably do this on their anniversary , assuming that works for everyone . Removing some of the travel hassels should mean that everyone would have a better time , too . Hyatt Hill Country is one obvious choice - I was there in November and it is still very nice . There is a newer resort in the area also . I can't think of the name of it offhand , but David knows and I will get the name from him tonight and call you . --Sally
The other place in San Antonio is Westin's La Canterra . I will contact both and get info . Then we should make reservations soon . I'll call Cindy tonight and fill her in . -Sally
This one is pretty funny.. .
Well , I didn't get this out to you before I left the office last night . I was still pouring over bonus info until 9:30 , and decided to call it quits at that point . Here are some of the things that I would like to do next week: review your action plan to move the close and officialization of London books to same day , to replicate , if appropriate , an Operational Risk information session for London counterparts ( you and I can review early in the week what we are doing here in Houston today and modify the info for Europe ) discuss the Doorstep process with you and , if you deem appropriate , your business controllers in the London office who will participate in Doorstep reviews this year ( clear up and questions and get your input on how to continually improve the process) , discuss with Mark Pickering the technology dependencies of the London office related to speeding up London's information for the corporate DPR do some planning with you for the February 12 & 13 ASE discuss the feasibility of utilizing our operational pricing model in London discuss your ideas and thoughts on CommodityLogic and other ideas around potential commercialization of mid and back office services In addition , I would like to meet with anyone in the London office that you think would be beneficial . Through Nicki Scott , I understand that Michael Brown would like to meet with me so we are setting that up . I will also spend some time with Beth Apollo and Ted Murphy while I am there . And I plan to meet with Fernley as well . Any other suggestions on topics or people to see ? I think that we have lunch already on the calendar for Wednesday .
Thanks ! I understand that congratulations are in order for you , too . We should definitely do dinner and celebrate . I think that Niki has arranged that for Thursday night . I will look forward to it . --Sally
Let's plan on Monday night for dinner . Someone included me on the distribution list for your going away bash , so I have put that on my calendar for Wednesday night as well . --Sally
I am glad that you asked ! I will be happy to bring your things back for you . Niki is finding a spot for me to occupy while I am there next week and she is coordinating my schedule , so we see one another quite a bit . It will be easy to do this . --Sally
Thanks for the responses -- all look great . I like coming over knowing that my calendar will be pretty full . Dinner sounds great , too . I am having dinner with Beth Apollo on Monday evening to talk more about her assignment . I received a note from Fernley asking about dinner on Thursday evening also . Hope that the New York trip was worthwhile and that the trip back was smooth . --Sally
Yes , we will definitely host you and the students to a tour of Enron Field and dinner on the evening of January 31 ( if that is still the best night for your schedule) . I talked with Lexie earlier this week and told her that I was going to cover this , and she thought that she could find some dollars in her budget so that we can perhaps split the cost . Either way , consider it done . I am glad that you are including the names of the students to attend . However , checking the attachment on your second e:mail message , I can not bring up the attachment . Can you try that again and check with Patti to make sure she has it in readable form ? I will be in London all of next week , and I would like to send invitations to the students about the tour and dinner . I will need their e:mail addresses to do so . I don't know whether or not you included that on your list . Jody said that Ruggles for game watching was really cold! ! I wonder if that could be a problem on the 31st ? You never know with Houston weather . What do you think ? We could do the tour and then go to Irma's Southwest Grill ( 2 blocks from the stadium , same great food with a more sleek atmosphere - owned by Irma's son , Luis) . I will be in touch with Patti while I am in London next week to make sure that plans are progressing on this . We will include our recent OU grads as well . I will save your championship game souvenirs and give them to you when I see at the end of January . --Sally
Your note has made my day . Thanks for taking the time to send it . Your thoughts and support mean a lot to me . How lucky I am to have you for a sister and friend ! --Sally
Thanks for the note . I certainly know by responses that I am getting tonight who is in the office late ! I was told that the memo would come out today - you just had to be here at dinner time to see it ! I am really pleased about how we have been able to improve the perception of what our group does and its importance to the organization . And yes , we need more female names on these lists ! --Sally
There isn't much to the memo , but this is it ! It came out well after the eof the work day for most folks . I believe that Patti has sent you my traveplans for next week . Have a great weekend !
Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend . Should Jeff and Stacey be there , too ? This will be a meeting that we should have regularly with Wes and team so that can jointly review any exposures and make timely decisions on how to handle those . I am sure that there is some prep work that needs to be done for this meeting . I would assume that we should cover A/R , UA4 , imbalances , weird or over/undervalued deals in risk books , OA , etc . Can you work with Greg and Georgeanne ahead of time on content and have necessary back up to discuss highlights . I would love for us take charge and lead this meeting . --Sally
Please put details of this meeting on my calendar . Thanks .
I will be in London the week of January 15th . I understand from Beth that you and Frank will be in Spain on Monday night . Beth and I plan to have dinner that night . Will you be back in town later in the week ? I have business plans for dinner on Tuesday and Thursday . Could you make dinner on Wednesday night ( the 17th) ? There is an Enron happy hour for Beth that I will stop by at 6:30 that night , but I expect to be free after that . I have a belated Christmas gift for you . Hope we can get together ! --Sally PS Am staying at 47 Park .
It will be good to use your knowledge of the business in helping EIM to grow . I hope that you enjoy your new rotation . --Sally
I will be thinking about you and Brenda over the weekend and know that you will both be glad for her to return home . I have mentioned to you before , Hector , that an Enron friend has dealt with a brain tumor successfully . That is Barbara Gray , an attorney in ENA's Legal Department . Barbara counsels patients and their families who are facing situations similar to hers . If you feel like you would like to talk with someone who can understand on a more firsthand basis what you and Brenda are facing , I would encourage you to contact Barbara . In addition to having been through her own battle with a brain tumor , she is simply a wonderful person whom I know you would enjoy meeting . I have mentioned your situation to her , and she would certainly welcome a conversation with you . I will be in the London office next week , so we will have to coordinate on merit increases from there . I will be back in the office on Monday , January 22 . -Sally Enron North America Corp .
Yes , just call Wanda and let her know that Rick has asked that we add EES Houston to the Doorstep review schedule . In keeping with other reviews , I would not necessarily give Wanda the dates . We should also send a short memo to Kevin and Marty to fill them in on the process and purpose of the reviews . I should probably send that to them . Can you remind me when I am back in town the week of January 22 ? Thanks . Enron North America Corp .
Leslie: Can you attend this meeting for me ? I will be in London . Patti: Can you get time and location for Leslie and let them know that she will be there instead of me ? Thanks .
Please print attachment and make sure that e:mail addresses are included for the students . Call Ted if any problems . Thanks . We will need this to send invitations to students and Ted ( plus some Enron folks ) to a tour of Enron Field and dinner on January 31 . Let's talk about arranging details . thanks .
I don't think that the doorstep reviews are the right venue for this . I believe that to address what seems to be David's concerns would be better handled with an appropriate person deemed to lead a special project in a directed timeframe with a well defined scope . We purposefully utilize differing personal on the doorstep reviews and it would seem that concerns over proper valuation should be addresses in a timeframe that is not dependent on the schedule of doorstep reviews around the world .
Cathy: I will be working in the London office during the week of January 15 , so I will not be at the staff meeting on January 16 . --Sally
I will be working in the London office Monday through Thursday , January 15 - 18 and will be be flying back to Houston on Friday , January 19 . My assistant , Patti Thompson ( x39106) , has a contact numbers for me in London . I will be checking voice mail and e:mail regularly while I am there . Key contacts in Houston next week will be: DPR and MPR Shona Wilson x39123 Gas Operations Jeff Gossett x37306 ( in Chicago office Jan . 16 & 17 ) Bob Hall x36956 Power Operations Stacey White x31870 Leslie Reeves x37962
Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President ! Well deserved and a nice way to cap off your stay in London . I look forward to celebrating with you in London next week . --Sally
Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President . Well deserved , and a nice recognition of your contributions to the success of the Calgary office . --Sally
Just wanted to drop you a note to let you know that I will be in the London office during the week of January 15 . I will arrive just after lunch on Monday and plan to be there through Thursday . Much of my time will be spent with Fernley and Mike Jordan . If you have a few minutes while I am in town , it would be great to get with you to hear if there is anything that is of particular concern or interest to you in supporting the continuing growth of your business in 2001 . I will stop by while I am in the office . --Sally
Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director . I have the dubious honor of being here late enough on Friday night to have seen the arrival of the promotional memo via e:mail . I will be in the London office next week and I believe that we have some time scheduled together . I look forward to the chance to visit with you then . --Sally
The promotional memo came out a couple of hours too late for me to be able to mention it to you on the phone this afternoon . Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director . --Sally
The promotional memo came out a few hours too late today for me to be able to mention it when we talked this afternoon . Congratulations on your promotion to managing director ! --Sally
Patti: Please forward this message to Tom Hopwood . Tom: The good ( or bad ) news was that I was here late enough to see the memcome out on e:mail Friday night . Most will see this on Tuesday after theholiday . I did get a few calls tonight from a hardy few that were still here in the office . I will call you when I am back from London . Thanks for allof your help this week on the two meetings . --Sally
Thanks for your note . Yes , this definitely starts the year off nicely . Hope your holidays were wonderful and that 2001 is a good year for you and your family , too . --Sally
Thanks for your nice note . I am pleased for all of us at the increased recognition of the roles that we play within the organizaiton . My ability to do my job well is very dependent on those of you who play key roles in operations . Thanks for your part in that and for your continued support . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for your nice note . I hope that you are having fun in your new role . We will have to schedule lunch so that I can catch up on what you are doing now . --Sally
I can access the global compensation system from London . Today I have been able to log on and to review as read only the info that I submitted on Friday for bonus and LTI . I assume that I will be able to access the screens for merits as well . Please get back with me via e:mail and let me know our instructions and time deadlines for merit increases . I will want to give my direct reports access to the system so that they can input their recommendations . I will also want to send them an e:mail with instructions and expectations . Having asked for more funds for the bonus pool , I would like for us to be within the guidelines for merit increases . Outside this process , we can address any increases that may be warranted given the market data gathered by Todd Burke . We can process those agreed upon requests , but will not include those dollars within our merit totals . That way , won't have to request additional dollars for these worksheets . Better not to ask for exceptions on everything!! ! What is the word on bonus dollars ? Is everything finalized as I submitted ? Let me know . If we need to talk directly , contact Patti for a number where you can reach me . Thanks .
Had trouble finding your e:mail address the first time around for this memo .
Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President . What a nice recognition of your contributions to the success of EnronOnline . --Sally
Thanks for your note . I hope that things are going well for you at EBS . I know that it must be busy . --Sally
Thanks for your nice note . Haven't seen you in a while - hope that all is going well for you . --Sally
Thanks for your nice note . I hope that within my team that they see the promotion as an indication that the work that we do is recognized as meaningful . All of that helps me in recruiting and retaining talented people that make my job easier and more fun !
Thanks for your nice note . --Sally
Thanks for your nice note . I do hope that everyone on my team sees the promotion as recognition of the value of the roles that we perform . All that should make it easier to attract and retain talented people that make my job easier and more fun ! I will ask Patti to schedule some time for us to get together when I am back in the office next Monday . Have a good week . ---Sally
Thanks for you nice note . I miss seeing you on 33 . Hope that all is going well for you . --Sally
Michelle: This is a stab at something to include in the newsletter . Will you or someone on your team rewrite as necessary ? I am in the London office this week , so e:mail is probably the best way to get in touch with me . Thanks . --Sally Beck Operational Risk Management was the topic of an information session held last week for all managers , directors , senior directors and vice presidents in ENW supporting trading operations for EA , EIM and EGM in Houston , Portland and Calgary . Operations professionals who manage risk book reporting and anaylsis , confirmations , physical product scheduling and cash management reaffirmed their roles in effectively accessing , managing and mitigating operational risk . This focus on operational risk management will ensure the quality of EWS' earnings and support a platform for continuing growth across all commodities in 2001 .
Thanks for your note on the promotion . Patti is beginning to work on details for the 1/31 tour of Enron Field and dinner for Ted and his students from OU . She should contact you for a list of recent OU grads so that we can get the invitation list together . I hope that you have that date on your calendar ! I will ask MIke McConnell if he would like to join us , too .
Let's try the last row window seat . Thanks . Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for your note on the promotion . This was definitely a goal and is very rewarding to get there . I would love to talk with you about your second rotation . In fact , I mentioned you to Jesus Melendrez just last week . He works with John Thompson and Scott Josey in the upstream capital markets group ( producer finance) . I filled him in on the Energy Management degree and told him that I thought that his group should talk with you about a possible rotation . I am in the London office this week . Call Patti and ask her to schedule a time for us to get together next week when I am back in the office to talk about rotations . I will look forward to it . Definitely put January 31 on your calendar for a tour of Enron Field and dinner ( someplace downtown with heat -- any suggestions?) . Patti is working on some of the details this week for us to host Ted Jacobs and about 14 of his students while they are in town for NAPE . --Sally
Thanks for your nice note . I certainly follow your career with interest . I have been meaning to call to tell you how much we enjoyed getting the wedding picture with your Christmas card . What a great picture - you look beautiful and happy . Meagan and Amanda particularly enjoyed seeing it . My best laid plans for Christmas cards became a limited vision this year - only managed to get them in the mail to people outside of Houston . Maybe next year.. . I am in your old stomping grounds this week -- London . I will see Mo tomorrow night for dinner and to catch up on her life . See you next week ! --Sally
Thanks - a nice start to the year . --Sally
Thanks for doing this . I plan to come to London once a quarter . I will have to choose my dates well in advance since these flights seem to be so full ! --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Please check on those marked below Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for your nice note . I have fun being here , which makes all of this even better ! --Sally
I have reviewed my section of Causey's presentation (  to be given by Brenda ) and all looks fine except for page with world map . Can we add Portland to the map ? That is the true trading location that is missing . If it is tough to do , don't worry about it . Thanks . --Sally
Thanks for your nice note . I hope that everyone in the group sees this as a recognition of the value of the role that we play within Enron . That will help us in attracting and retaining talented people , which makes my job easier and more fun . --Sally
Thanks for your e:mail message and your voice mail at home . I appreciate your nice thoughts . I am in London all week - is there anything that you or Jo need that I could bring back for you ? Just let me know . I will be back in the office next Monday , the 22nd . --Sally
Any room at the inn ? I am looking for a spot for Beth Apollo . She will be working with me , starting on January 29th in Houston . --Sally I am in London this week , but if you have any ideas Patti can follow through while I am out .
For now , have her boxes delivered to the spot behind your desk . I sent Wes a message and copied you on that . I can't remember the name of the person who works for Wes that handles moves . Lisa filled in for her while she was out on medical leave . She is back . Can you get with her right away and see what you can come up with ? Best situation would be for Beth to sit near me . Also , Bob Hall has someone who is coordinating space needs for us now that Lisa is gone . Can you check with her , too ? Also , Jeff Shankman called me last week to ask how we could speed up our ( Energy Ops ) move off of 30 . I don't know who is left on 30 . Can you get the person that reports to Bob Hall to give me an update on our moves from 30 so that I can get back with Jeff this week ? Thanks . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Hopefully , those guys would stand out in the Woodlands like a sore thumb and would choose to go elsewhere . Would be nice to have them behind bars , however . Doesn't make George W.'s record on executions look like such a bad idea , does it ? I left Houston on Sunday afternoon . Any new news on those 7 ? --Sally
Congratulations on the baby - August seems like a long time away , but given how quickly time passes at Enron , you will be there before you know it . I would be glad to visit with you about other opportunities at Enron sometime . I am in the London office this week , but will be back in the office the week of the 22nd . Give Patti a call if you would like to get together and visit about options . --Sally
I am in the London office this week , so I won't be able to attend . Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
I assume that this request relates to corporate functions under Rick . As of this moment , my team and I have not yet been granted access to merit information in the comp system . I am in London this week , but have been in touch with my HR rep each day . Latest word is that he aniticipates that we will be able to access merit worksheets sometime today . Our deadline to submit merit increases is Monday , January 22 . SInce it is already after lunch on Wednesday here in London and we do not yet have access to the system , it is likely that my direct reports will work on merits over the next two days . Since I will be in the air on Friday , it will be Monday before I have the opportunity to review all inputs from my direct reports and finalize merits . --Sally
The flight was uneventful , although I didn't sleep very much . Weather here is cold but clear , so I am enjoying it . Very useful trip - they have my schedule very full , including dinners every night . I will be in the office through end of day Thursday , and then dinner with Fernley Thursday night . I will be in route to Houston on Friday - catching a 9:00am flight ( told the kids that I would be at the airport at 2:00 am Houston time to start back home) . We are not going to follow the Kean/Olson memo on communicating ratings . We will only communicate Needs Improvement and Issues . There will be differing messages for needs improvement which fit the situation - some need to hear that they are not performing at a high enough level relative to peers to help us achieve business goals or for them to considered for a bonus ( may need to find another role within or outside Enron which is a better fit) . Message to someone new to Enron in that category should be different . Glad they are here; believe that as they learn the organization and their job that they will be able to make significant contributions; doing the right thing to learn the business , but that contributions to date are not significant enough to warrant payment of a bonus.. . Thanks for getting everyone on the same page on this . --Sally
Thanks for your nice note . It is always interesting to scan the list and do a count of other females names . Were not too many on this latest list . We will have to work on changing that . --Sally
Technology is wonderful - I can log on here in the London office just as I do in Houston . I feel very in touch . Sounds like you have been busy - I think that the variety of items for the Sunday meeting sounds good . Thanks for taking care of all of this . London is cold but sunny - so very nice . I do love coming here - hope to make the trip once a quarter this year . I will be back at home by Friday evening , so let me know if there is anything that I can do before the meeting . Otherwise I will see you on Sunday . Too bad that Nancy doesn't want the input from the girls on presentation . I think that taking likes and dislikes would be good - no commitment to make changes that the girls' might suggest , but I think that it would be wonderful to have their input . They are the honorees . Oh , well . ....as you say , this is volunteer work and probably not worth getting too worked up over the whole thing . --Sally
Thanks for your note . I will copy Patti on this reply and ask her to set us up for lunch when I am back from London . --Sally
Haven't had the chance to look at the UT presentation yet . That will make good airplane material tomorrow . If I make any changes I will try to fax pages to you after David picks me up at the airport tomorrow . If I don't make chanages , I will call you Friday afternoon after landing and let you know that . My schedule has been really full here , but very productive . Thanks for your comments. , I must admit , I am really excited about the promotion . We can talk next week about what I hope to accomplish during this next year and where my major focus will be . It will be helpful for you to know and understand that as we work together to make that happen . I am certainly glad that you are here - my flight to London reminded me of your arrival about this time last year as I was heading to London . Luckily a different reason for the trip this year , but still hectic . I expect it to be a busy year . You will notice that I have blocked some times on my calendar to get reviews written and delivered . Target is to be finished by the end of January .  I will talk with you on Friday afternoon and see you on Monday . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Silly as it may seem , have Brian Heinrich dig up a copy of the form that we used last year for headcount addtions . Let's complete those for these positions and have Fred and Scott Neal sign them . They need to understand the addtional cost associated with these requests . They will forget later in the year if they aren't making much money . Do you agree that these positions are needed and will add value ? --Sally
Thanks . This will definitely help me . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Please check the dates for that OpRisk seminar in New York and put those on my calendar tentatively . I got a message from Shona trying to schedule a trip to Mexico and she thought that the week of February 5th looked good . I assume that she checked with you and that my calendar looked clear . While I have not yet made a decision on attending the NY seminar , I do need to hold those dates . I left Shona a message telling her that the week of February 19 would be better . --Sally
The name of the restaurant that I liked for lunch was Christophers . It is at Victoria Station , or in the lobby of what was or is a hotel at Victoria Station . Quick walk from the office . Apparently , there is another location at Covent Gardens . Dinner last night was fun . It is always great to see you either in Houston or London . Sorry that our goodbye was so abrupt . I think that the taxi driver was afraid that we would get him killed ! I called home last night and told Amanda about our discussion on a day in Paris . She is ready! ! Let us know when you will next be in Houston . I should be here quarterly - probably head back in March or April . --Sally
Thanks , Sarah ! I was so focused on getting that in the mail that I obviously didn't proof the content very well . Thanks for looking out for me ! --Sally
Thanks for your note .
Can you get me info on the options with Dell ? I won't make it by to speak with them myself today . Thanks .
This is some of the data that we need.. .
Thanks for your nice note . --Sally
Audience for the report ? Is it you and Philippe , or will the report be distributed to all on your memo distribution list ? May make a difference in information provided . We can update you on progress toward commercialization of mid and back office operations in the report . Would you also like some operating data - # of deals , bcf scheduled , etc. ? We can come up with a format and suggested content this week . --Sally
During the budgeting process for 2001 I gave Dave Delainey an estimated cost savings for Energy Operations assuming the sale of HPL . Since this is clearly on the horizon , we need to take a close look at opportunities for cost savings and our estimated timing on those savings . I will ask James by copy of this memo to set up a meeting late this week to cover this . I want to be able to get back with Dave with more detailed estimates of cost savings .
If my full e:mail address is not used , Steve Beck gets my e:mails . He has forwarded this one . Does it make sense to you?--Sally
Thanks for the congratulations . David of course is pleased about the promotion but is most anxious to see what dollars come along with it ! Thanks , too , for your comments on the OpRisk session . It is always a risk to pull together an audience of 90 and deliver something worthwhile . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for your nice note . --Sally
Thanks for your note . Sorry that all we managed last week was a wave . My last trip to London was March of 2000 , so I certainly had a very full agenda . Mike Jordan kept my schedule very full , but productive , and even lunches and dinners were filled with business meetings . Do stop by when you are in the office next week . I should be in town all week . --Sally
Please put attendees on my calendar . Thanks .
On January 12 , I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel idowntown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid andback office services we could offer to the commodity industry . To complete a plan for launching this strategic commercial venture , we are hosting an integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young ( CGEY ) attheir Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas , Texas . I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this desigsession . This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13tin Dallas , Texas . This work session is based on a unique approach called a DesignShopv . It is a very focused , activity-driven event that is composed of various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups . If youhave not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP , you will likely regard this session as different from any working session you have previousexperienced . The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have provento be very successful . Therefore , we have elected to utilize this same methodology on this very critical and strategic venture . A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending . You wereselected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in thDesignShop . You are being asked to participate in the full two days with aslittle distraction or interruption as possible . The quality of our resultsdepends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for theentire event . Additionally , you will be relied on in the future to supporand communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session . This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods sthat your participation can be maximized . Therefore , please make all necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions duringthese two days . Please review the attached information regarding hotel , flight information,and transportation . Preliminary information as to schedule and environmenthas also been included . You may direct any additional questions concerningthe event to Mary Solmonson at ( 713)-853-6079 . I hope that you will be able to participate . Please confirm your attendancfor the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00p.m . If you are unable to attend , it may be appropriate to select someoneelse to participate . Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else totake your place until you and I have discussed this . I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing yoin Dallas !
FYI . Forgot to cc: you on this . PT
And you and your bride haven't set Dallas as a honeymoon destination??? ? Your excuse seems to be a good one . We will miss your presence and participation , however . Enjoy the wedding!!--Sally
Thanks for your note and welcome back to Enron . I am so pleased that you have returned . I , too , look forward to working with you . --Sally
FYI on VNG.. .
Melissa Allen , formerly with Arthur Andersen and assigned to the Enron account , has taken over Beth Apollo's role for EEL . She reports to Fernley Dyson , as did Beth . I was in the London office last week . As a result of some of my discussions , Mike Jordan asked that James Scribner make a visit to cover the operations pricing model and to discuss some issues around global counterparty database . Mike has suggested that James come to London during the first week in February , which sounds as if it will coincide with your trip . Please coordinate with James so that your agendas are in sync ( in case of potential overlap ) so that we don't convey a right hand/left hand lack of coordination . Since your agenda mentions GCP , there may some meetings that you are planning that would be appropriate for James to join . By copy of this memo , I am asking James to do the same with you . Thanks .
Congratulations to you and Lanettte on the birth of Nicole Mackenzie . What a pretty name ! I was in London last week and got the news while I was there . I hope that everyone in your household is doing well , although I know that you are probably a bit sleep deprived . That will pass - although with your first one that is really hard to believe . Please stop by as soon as you have pictures . I would love to see them . --Sally
I hear that Dad was in the emergency room for some hours earlier this week . Glad to hear that it just seemed to be a virus . Mom does seem to like that Heart Hospital.. . Check out the website for the place in Asheville , NC that I mentioned to you . Address is richmondhillinn.com - if I knew how to hotlink for you I would , but I am not the techie! ! We had dinner there one night while in Asheville and had a great meal and though that the place was pretty - a lot better than the overpriced , under-delivered Grove Park Inn . Our friends the Tylers spent several nights at the Richmond Inn that same summer . It looks pretty good in the photos , and you can see the mountains! ! Only airlines that fly from here into Asheville are Delta and US Air . Continental flies to Greenville/Spartanville , SC which is about 60 to 70 miles from Asheville - not impossible , given that we would want some cars . I will get info on prices and stuff for lodging and airfare - then we can decide if we want to show this to Mom and Dad as a possibility . Hope all is well with the three of you . Are you making the trip to Halletsville on Saturday , assuming no rain out ? I am not going to make it - need a little r&r at home and to wash some clothes! ! Love , Sally
Just checked with Richmond Hill Inn in Asheville and they are open over Thanksgiving . Not filled yet for that time period . They are sending me a brochure . Only potential draw back there is that most of their rooms have only king size beds and sleep two persons . There are 2 rooms that have two beds , and two cottages that have sleeper sofas . They do have baby beds . Families of 2 or 3 can be accomodated fine . I would probably take two rooms , one for the girls and one for Tyler , David and me . But we would probably do that in New York or San Francisco , too . As we all know , five is almost too many in one room and bathroom . I think that dinner in Austin on June 2 and a trip at Thanksgiving sounds like a good plan . Do you guys want to cover that with Mom and Dad and ask about the San Antonio/Sun City crowd ?
Not sure that this reached you the first time . My address was flawed .
FYI - Check my voice mail message that I left for you and call me when you can .
She will check with Dad and let you know???? ? I don't quite get all of this either . Do you think that she might have been hoping that Dad would come up with a plan ? ( Despite her comment that they were not "celebratory" about the occassion. ) Who knows.. . Keep me posted - and please do me the favor of shaking me if I get like that too . --Sally
Thanks for your note . I do believe that this indicates a recognition within the organization of the importance of the work of the whole group . That is nice to see!!--Sally
Glad to hear that we are getting there . Josephine's House ( Jeffery's annex ) is really good . They do a great job of serving . At past Enron dinners , they have printed menus specific for the occassion - really nice looking and a nice keepsake . Maybe we can do this . --Sally
FYI - The details below take care of the Hess "sharing arrangement" that we discussed yesterday . --Sally
This looks great . Do you need me for either of those two dates ? How was dinner last night ? Sorry that I couldn't stay , but I know that the students were in good hands . Who else attended from Enron ? --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Can you upgrade me to first class ?
I will look forward to talking with Norma . Thanks for suggesting that she contact me . --Sally
Watch for her call . Ask her to send me a resume to review and set up a meeting when convenient . Thanks .
Please put the dates referenced below on my calendar . You may need to get more details from Lexi . Thanks .
I agree - he does look like a good candidate . Please do go ahead with a phone screen and let me know if we should then interview him . Thanks . Enron North America Corp .
Here is the info on the meeting in Dallas . I am glad that you will be ableto join us . --Sally
Just a quick note to see how you are doing . I mentioned your name today to Kristin Albrecht . She is a Senior Director over Risk Management for Enron Broadband Services ( EBS) . Kristin and I used to work together in Enron Americas , and we had lunch today to catch up . She grew up in Wharton and is an A&M graduate , so it occurred to me that you two have at least two things in common . I wanted you to know that I have given Kristin your name . She can be another contact for you here at Enron . If you are interested in what is going on at EBS or want to get Kristin's impressions on rotations within or outside EBS , she would be great for you to visit with . Drop by soon to give me an update on life at Enron for you . --Sally
Enjoy a well-deserved afternoon off . I appreciate your notes when you are out on who to contact . Have a great weekend . --Sally
I asked Mike this week if your baby was here , and he said that you had just returned to the office . Congratulations on the birth of your little girl . I hope that all three of you are surviving those first few weeks of adjustment and that sleep is not too short a commodity in your house ! I will look forward to seeing pictures of Lauren when I am next in London . You do know that now that you are a dad that it is a requirement to be armed with adorable pictures at all times? ! --Sally
Julie called me immediately after getting my e:mail message about you . Her role has changed once again at Enron ! She is running more of a fundamentals group at present . Wanted to know if you would be interested in that . Told her that I couldn't speak for you . I'd suggest that you contact her and talk with her even if at first blush that may not be your first interest . Can't hurt to hear about what she is doing and spend some time with her . You may not then be interested in her rotation , but you'll know more and she will know you . FYI - she is a University of Nebraska graduate . --Sally
In my new role as social secretary for James , I wanted to let you know that he will be in London next week on business . He will arrive on Monday morning ( February 5 ) and should be in the Enron office most of the day on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday . He will fly back to Houston on Thursday . He has dinner plans for Wednesday evening , but would love to get together with you for dinner on Monday or Tuesday , if you are in town and available . He will be staying at the Sheraton Belgravia Hotel - walking distance to Enron House . Best way to contact him at Enron's London office would be through Mike Jordan or his assistant . Mike's number ( don't know how many of these digits you actually need to call from there ) is 011-44-207-783-4703 . Hope you guys get to see each other . Have a great weekend . --Sally
Seattle sounds nice . Haven't made it there myself . Enjoy the trip . If you have time , I would love to get with you late next week to discuss my thoughts about next steps for Joel's team . --Sally Also , when you are back , I would love to set up a meeting with you and some of my direct reports so that we can get an update on IT priorities . We are addressing some issues that create operational risk that may require some system enhancements to help us mitigate those risks , and we would like the opportunity to share those with you in the context of priorities for systems work .
I will be in the Calgary office with Peggy Hedstrom and her team next week on Wednesday and Thursday , February 7 and 8 . Do either one of you have a specific issue that needs to be addressed that I could handle while I am in Calgary ? My agenda with Peggy and her team is pretty full , but I can add to that anything that you know of that we need to address . Just let me know . That puts me in Calgary for the staff meeting on Wednesday . I will sit in with Rob Milnthorp on the video conference for the first hour of the meeting . I already had a meeting scheduled with all of Peggy's team during the second hour of your staff meeting . Due to location constraints , we will have to keep that meeting as scheduled . So I will have to step out of the staff meeting for the second hour .
Brent Price , Bob Hall , Leslie Reeves and I would like to invite you to lunch on Friday , February 9 in recognition of your promotions to Director and Senior Director . We appreciate your contributions to the continuing success of Enron's wholesale services business and feel that these promotions are worthy of celebration . Please RSVP to Patti Thompson ( x39106) . Details on time and location will follow . --Sally
Congratulations on your promotion to Manager . Brent Price , Bob Hall , Leslie Reeves , Brenda Herod and I would like to invite you to a luncheon in recognition of your promotion on Tuesday , February 6 . We appreciate your contributions to the continuing success of Enron's wholesale services business . We would like the opportunity to help you celebrate your promotion . Please RSVP to Patti Thompson ( x39106) . Details on time and location will follow . --Sally
FYI
I had the same reaction . We didn't get much of a break between the January and February meeting ! Was it car care and car safety that we had planned for Feb ? And do we have a volunteer to host the meeting ? I could certainly host if needed . Did you have a constable or someone in mind to talk with the girls about car safety ? I would be glad to call them and make arrangements if you let me know . Any ideas on car care ? Seems like Joy Martin mentioned her husband as a possible "expert" there . Or should we try to call Firestone or Jiffy Lube or one of those spots to get a speaker ? I am headed to Calgary for Wednesday and Thursday this week , but can make plenty of phone calls before I leave . On nominating committee , I have a list of offices held over the years by the girls that will be needed by the nominating committee . I would be glad to meet with the girls on the committee either Thursday night ( I land from Calgary around 6:00 pm) , Friday night or Saturday . I can get you this list if you need to meet with the committee before then . It may be tough to get the girls together , but am I correct in assuming that they need to present a slate at our Feb meeting and then they vote in March ? The symphony open rehearsal sounds good - 10:30 am on Saturday , March 31; buy tickets at the door ( $4) . Problem is that SAT's are given that day . Meagan is signed up to take them . I wonder how many others may be taking the SAT that day ? If there are only a few conflicts , we could go ahead and it's okay if Meagan misses . If we have a lot of conflicts , then this may not work . Maybe we could get Merritt to e:mail this question to the girls when she contacts them about this weekend's meeting . They could check their schedules and then we could get a count . I will also look into other possible dates and get availability and prices on tickets just in case . I will try to call you after a lunch time meeting today . --Sally
I will be in Calgary Wednesday and Thursday this week . Tuesday is tough , because I am trying to finish giving performance reviews . I can make time on Tuesday , but would prefer that we hold this to an hour . --Sally
Have you seen the training tools that Avril uses for such things ? --Sally
Please print the attachment at end of e:mail in color for me . Thanks . --Sally
Please print Wellesley schedule - I think that I have a conflict with the date that they need me . Let's discuss .
Thanks for the weather report . I bought a good coat a couple of months ago with London and Calgary in mind . Worked well in London two weeks ago , so I will come equipped with coat , gloves , scarf , etc . I can go either way on dinner for Wednesday night . If it would be good for you to get home at a reasonable hour , then we can all three have an early supper . ( If I get in bed early my body would probably be in shock , but would adjust! ) Or if we don't want to feel rushed , then a drink with Laura sounds great . Ask if her pronunciation in Spanish class is improved or impaired by alcohol . I will let you all decide based on your commitments both inside and outside work - either way will work well for me . --Sally
Thanks for the info . I am going to have to miss the luncheon tomorrow . Despite what seems to be a definite scheduling challenge , I am trying to do two lunches this week - one with operations personnel promoted to manager ( about 15 of those ) and one with operations personnel promoted to director or senior director ( smaller group) . To make this work while the promotion announcements are still timely , we have had to schedule on Tuesday this week for one of the lunches . I will get an update from Shona .
I will not be able to attend . -Sally
No memo out yet on the Doorstep process . I am still in the throws of completing the 13 reviews that I have to give - should be finished by 5:00 . I will send the memo on Doorstep process to you , Fernley and Michael Brown before I leave for the day . I will be in the Calgary office Wednesday and Thursday with Peggy Hedstrom and her team . Back in the Houston office on Friday . Hope that James' visit is going well . Thanks for getting appointments organized for him . I look forward to seeing you in Dallas next week . I am glad that you , Richard and Steve will be able to participate . Are you still planning to come back to Houston after the meeting in Dallas ? I fly from Dallas to Austin on Tuesday night , so that I can do a full day of interviews at UT for summer interns on Wednesday . I will be back in the office on Thursday and Friday that week . Let me know if we can help in setting up any appointments . We can do lunch on Thursday or Friday , if your schedule allows . I can also set some time aside to perhaps download from our Dallas meeting and to follow up on some other issues . I would offer dinner on Thursday night , but that is my birthday and I think ( hope ) that my family will have dinner plans for me that evening . Is there someone else in Houston that you would like to have dinner with while you are here ? --Sally
Please put Mike on my calendar for Thursday lunch next week . Steve and Richard are coming as well . You might tell Mike that we can provide the two of them with desk space as well , but that we will reserve the spot with the computer and phone for Mike . And schedule some time for me to meet with him on Thursday as well . I will deal with Louise's meeting in another way . You might e:mail Mike and let him know that we have a spot for him with computer , network connection and phone on 33 . You might also offer to set up any appointments for him while is here . Thanks .
Please print memo and attachment for me to review on the plane tomorrow . Thanks . --Sally
FYI - I will meet with James on Friday when he is back from London to go over the change in reporting for him . I gave his review the end of last week , but didn't get to review the reporting change . I will ask Patti to let you know when I am meeting with James on Friday . Wanted you to be in the loop on this - particularly when we are getting in front of commercial guys , I want this to be well done . The training may be great - I just wanted to make sure that James knew about Avril's trip and that he was aware of the content and delivery on the training . Looks like he still has some homework to do . --Sally
Yes - let's plan on my house on Sunday . I have to leave for the airport after the meeting ( off to exotic Dallas ) and that will just make it that much easier for me if the meeting is at my house . Sarah would be great if the dads are not available for car care . Hearing it from a woman's point of view would be interesting ! I agree that it is too close to plan a dad's event for this weekend . Another thought , continuing the baseball theme from last year , is to get tickets to an Astro's game . I have season tickets through Enron and can buy blocks of tickets for games . I have the schedule at home and I will check tonight to see if there is perhaps a pre-season game in March that would work . We could discuss that and other suggestions at the meeting on Sunday . I will also bring info on other symphony dates - in case we have a large number of girls who will take the SAT on March 31 . If not too many are tied up , we could go ahead with the open rehearsal at 10:30 , and then the girls who take the SAT could join us for lunch if they would like . Thanks for making the calls . I am making up this quarter for only a little travelling at the end of the year . Report from the Calgary office today is that it has snowed at that it is about 0 degrees ( that is a daytime tempurature reading!) . I will call you on Thursday night when I am back in town . I will leave with David the spreadsheet on offices held by the girls in past years in case that is needed while I am out of town . --Sally
Kathryn Corbally ( Senior Director currently in Investor Relations ) is moving to Connecticut soon to join her husband . He has been working up there for the last six or eight months - he was one of the group that defected from our weather derivatives team about a year ago . She hopes to continue to work for Enron - has been talking with Investor Relations and some other groups that I can't remember - and to do so either out of her home or in Enron's New York office . It struck me that depending upon needs at MG's New York office , that Kathryn could be someone for you to consider . She came originally from the London office - you may or may not find anyone still there that could give you some feedback on her . In London , she ran mid and back office - that was in very early days for EEL , so most of the job was probably accounting . She came to Houston and has done a number of different things . I think that she is well organized and control minded . Understands Enron's business . Managing a group of people is probably not her strongest attribute . I am not sure that people enjoy working under her . That could be old news , however . There are a number of people here in Houston that could probably give you a read on her based on very recent experience . Do you know of her ? Just thought that I would mention her as a potential resource in New York . Don't know what your short and longer term needs are there . She would definitely represent an Enron point of view . They have two small daughters - she might be interested in something part time even . Could mean lower cost that way . This idea may not have any merit or you may not have a need around metals . If you do want to consider this , I will be glad to help identify who you could go to for some fact finding around her . Let me know . --Sally
Entelligence is being used in Houston , so they must have done training here . Patti is setting up my meeting with James for Friday . I just left her a message and asked her to let you know the time that is scheduled for - plus I will leave you a message after I have talked with him . I hope to have that meeting with James at 10:30 . Interruptions have been rampant - and I am still not finished with reviews . Shona will actually be in Calgary at the same time that I will be , so we will do her review on the plane , in the airport or at the hotel - and I will tell her about the reorg . Again , I will leave you a message to let you know that we have had that conversation . That's great to have dinner with Lou . I think that it would be good to find out from him what sort of interaction he has with the London office , what's working , what's not working - in an informal way . Are they on an Enron network ? Do they get Enron e:mails ? How often does Lou go to London or someone from London mid office come to New York ? I still suspect that New York is somewhat neglected just because of the distance between London and New York and the fact that there seems to be plenty for Mike and his team to chew on in London . Particularly now with a renewed focus on the scrap metal business . Enrjoy the OpRisk Conference . They tend to be heavily attended by bankers and there focus is that direction as well , but there is a lot that we can glean from what they are doing . It snowed there a lot yesterday . Of course , according to Peggy Hedstrom , it is 0 degrees ( daytime temp reading ) and snowy in Calgary . I look forward to seeing you in Dallas . --Sally
Please change this on my calendar . Thanks .
I will be working in the Calgary office Wednesday and Thursday , February 7 and 8 . My assistant , Patti Thompson ( x39106 ) has numbers where I can be reached . I will be back in the Houston office on Friday , February 9 . Key contacts in Houston over the next two days are: DPR Chris Abel x33102 MPR David Maxwell x36983 Gas Operations Bob Hall x36956 Power Leslie Reeves x37962 Operations Stacey White x31870
Wouldn't it be the four of us ? - You , me , Cara and baby to be named ? Good idea . I'll call you this weekend . Sorry didn't reply earlier - was in Calgary . --Sally
Thanks for your vote of confidence . I don't think that it is out of the realm of possibility . As we know with all Enron reorg's , what we can count on is that this will change ! We'll miss Delainey in Enron Americas , but as a shareholder I am glad that he will be at EES . Have already had some discussions with him about some involvement there . I will keep you posted . --Sally
I will be at a meeting in Dallas next Monday and will be unable to attend . --Sally
Please print attachment for me . Thanks .
Please process this request ASAP . Thanks , Sally Beck
Thanks for lining this up . I am glad that they were available on the 2nd . --Sally
I think that this looks pretty good , and don't know if we could better the cost too much by looking around . Cara , would you like for me to hold the reservation on my credit card ? Don't know how much baby stuff may be hitting yours , so I would be glad to do so . I am real comfortable with sharing the costs of this dinner , but don't necessarily feel that we have to split it in thirds . This is a good year for me to cover a large portion of the cost - when we did the 40th anniversary party , David and I were not in such good shape and I think that Cindy and Richard covered a lot of the costs . Things ebb and flow - 2000 was a good year at Enron and this would be a good time for me to put some of my reward to good use . --Sally
Save the date note would be great if you can do that . --Sally
Don't I know...they are smart and loving , but a little short on the details sometimes , aren't they ! --Sally
You and Frank can best decide how to organize this . I am comfortable with your decisions , so feel free to go ahead with this . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Please change location of this meeting for this week only . I would also change the notation for this recurring meeting to ENW Staff Meeting with Philippe with Peggy McCurley as the contact . Thanks .
I am looking forward to involvement with the NABA and the prospect of hiring some strong candidates . If you want me for the photo shoot , February 23 looks good . I will be out of the office on March 2nd - two days of vacation on March 2 and 5 to chaperone Meagan's drill team to state competition in Dallas . With 90 girls on the team , that should be fun but exhausting ! It was great to see you and Grady last night at the rodeo . Let's definitely plan on a ball game in April as a chance to catch up . I just checked the calendar , and it looks like we are on for lunch on March 28! ! A few weeks away , but at least it is on the calendar ! If your schedule were to free up suddenly , just give me a call and I can see if I could change mine to have lunch sooner . --Sally
Depending on others' schedules , Feb . 23 is good for me . I will be out of the office on March 2 . --Sally
Just remember that the DPR is used as an accounting tool as well . despite my constant reminders that it is a tool for reporting daily trading results and positions against board approved limits . So do approach this as fact-finding; and then I would suggest reviewing any recommendations that you may have with Wes Colwell and the RAC group before any changes are made . Looks like a good group . I hope that all will attend and participate . Did Pam do some due diligence for you before sending this e:mail so that you know this date and time works for everyone ? Keep me posted on progress . --Sally
E:mail messages says to check website to determine whether or not DSL is available at my home . However , I don't see a spot on the website to check that information . Can you provide more details ?
Thanks for your note . It has been a nice way to start the year ! --Sally Thanks for your note . I am glad that you and Kristin are getting together . --Sally
Thanks , Marc . I would like to get together with you , Mary Solmonson and James Scribner to begin work on the model for scoping high , low and expected cases around the commercialization opportunities for mid and back office services . Mary has just returned today from a week's vacation . I will work on schedules and call you later this afternoon to see if we can have a kick-off meeting . --Sally
Looks like a permanent cancellation to me - at least for now ! We can work with Wes on the best ways to stay abreast of developing deals that impact Enron Americas .
Brenda Herod is in charge of Energy Operations for EIM and should be included in the invitation list . Brent Price fulfills two roles for EGM - CAO and head of operations , so he is appropriately included covering both fronts . Also , I had added Bob Hall to the previous Hot List meeting . He is a VP in Energy Operations for Enron Americas . I would like for him to be on the list for this meeting as well . He and I will cover for each other on this Wholesale Deal Meeting . You may get both of us in attendance on occassion , but usually it will be one or the other of us to cover operations for EA . Thanks . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
This is the replacement meeting for the Hot List meeting . I have asked that you be included on the list of attendees . --Sally
Thanks for much for your nice note . Where are you working now ? I hate to say that I have lost track . --Sally
Thanks for your nice note . The promotion did get the year off to a nice start . I am glad that you were pleased with the year end PRC process . While time-consuming , I have appreciated the opportunity to get to know Associates like you whom I would perhaps otherwise not know . Keep me posted on what you are doing . --Sally
Thanks for your note .
As a result of the reorg announcement a couple of weeks ago , this report should now go to Philippe Bibi ( or his assistant , Peggy McCurley) . Louise is now in the office of the chair of Enron Americas . Philippe has assumed the role as chairman of Enron Net Works . Since this report is a Net Works report , please remove Louise from the distribution list and add Philippe and Peggy effective immediately . Also , I would like to review and perhaps edit the principal projects/deals section each week before distribution . What would be the most efficient way to get this done and into your hands in a timely way ? --Sally
Saturday was fun - it was nice I think for all of us to go to the shower together . That was a nice group of women - and fun . Cara did tell me about the scrapbook idea and I think that it sounds good . Tell me what I can do to help you , but I am probably shorter on time than anything . But if I can get you get addresses or whatever , let me know . Payment plan sounds fine . I am not worried about the timing on that , so don't start this until you feel that it makes sense for you and your family . With the Viviance thing , you may prefer to defer the start of this until a little more certainty is on the horizon . I can't think of a better place for the money to be invested than in you and your family . Austin would be fun - but I am glad that Houston is a reasonable distance for a day or weekend trip . Not quite the same as being in town , though . Maybe someday we will be there ! --Sally
As part of the modelling process , Marc is going to meet with James Scribner on Tuesday morning at 9:00 am to review our operations pricing model . If you can join them , you might find it interesting . They plan to meet in James' office - EB3756 . --Sally
I have a stretch goal for the operations budget under Enron Americas to reduce costs by the end of the year . To this end , I have recently studied possible options for reaching the targeted savings . To make the best decision on this , I have reviewed functions within my team on the basis of core versus non-core functions , and the inherent cost versus value proposition . As a result , I made the decision last week to disband Joel Henenberg's team . To fulfill the role of Joel and his team in leading IT initiatives , we will lean on the appropriate IT project managers and the business sponsors/end users . Joel and his team were told of this decision on Friday afternoon last week . Our HR rep spent some time with the team explaining the corporate re-deployment service that they all will be working through over the next few weeks . Let me know if you have any questions regarding this . While it was a tough decision , I feel comfortable having made it .
Certainly if we are able to generate revenue , that will be a great offset to our expenses . At this point , we are working on a best , worst and most likely case for a revenue model , plus getting some teeth behind our up front costs . With this info , we can size the potential and then decide how to proceed . My first note to you around disbanding Joel's group was the best overall summary of reasons to disband the team . In addition , Joel and his team had recently spent a couple of hours updating my direct report team on the projects in which they were involved . The update had the exact opposite effect that Joel wanted , I am sure . After the two hour session , it appeared to me that the team was probably overstaffed and still adding to its girth , fulfilling IT's roles in some cases , not communicating with the rest of my direct report team ( if your role is be a liaison , then communication is a necessary component of the role) , struggling to create a role for themselves , etc . If my reaction had been to say "what a talented group - we have to figure out how to best utilize them" , then the outcome might have been different . But I also had concerns over quality of staff as well . That two hour exposure created so much concern on my part that we were incurring costs for the team without commensurate value , that I couldn't in good conscious make any other decision after further investigation . --Sally
I made the decision last week to disband the Strategic Initiatives team which reported to Mary Solmonson within my organization . The group was led by a director , and consisted of 2 managers , 1 senior specialist and 4 specialists . The employees were made aware of this decision last Friday afternoon . My HR rep was on hand to explain the help that all will receive in finding new assignments within Enron through the Enron Corp . Re-deployment Team . Mary Solmonson continues as one of my direct reports , focused on CommodityLogic and our business development efforts regarding the commercialization of mid and back office services . As part of my on-going effort to deliver both the best value and quality of service within Energy Operations , I reviewed core versus non-core activities within my team . I am committed to investing appropriately in people resources to support core activities . And I believe that we can become even more effective if investments in non-core activities are eliminated . The role played by the Strategic Intiatives team in coordinating systems projects will be more appropriately shouldered by the IT project leads and the respective business sponsors/end users . The "middle-man" role played by the Strategic Initiatives team had ceased to deliver appropriate value . I wanted you to be aware of my decision in case you hear anything about the re-deployment effort .
I will be out of the office on vacation on Friday , March 2 and Monday , March 5 . I will check messages at the end of both business days . My assistant , Patti Thompson (  x35926 ) will have contact numbers for me . Since I will be a chaperone for my daughter and 80 other girls from the high school drill team at state competition in Dallas , it is unlikely that I will be easily reachable during the day . I will be back in the office on Tuesday , March 6 .
Shona and Mike Jordan had talked last week about pushing back the Doorstep review on the metals business in London and had agreed to take that out of the plan for Q1 . As of last week , we have redirected Shona's reporting line to Beth Apollo . I have asked Beth to review the doorstep review plan for all of 2001 and to recommend any changes in timing and approach . Beth is in fact in Monterrey , Mexico today and tomorrow , completing a review of that office . Soon after she returns , she will review and update the suggested doorstep review schedule . After that has been updated , she will review the revised schedule with Rick Causey for any additional input and concurrence on the selection of key offices/businesses to review and the timing of such . With Beth's knowledge of the businesses in London , I am sure we will benefit from her eye towards effective scheduling of the reviews .
Tried you this morning from the car and missed you . Do you want to talk Thursday morning during my commute ? I will be out of the office Friday , March 2 and Monday , March 5 . I will be a chaperone for my daughter's high school drill team to state competition in Dallas - really a Texas experience ! A great time to support her and be around her friends . And nicely enough , she asked me to be a chaperone . With 81 girls on the team , it will be loud , but fun . --Sally
An update on two of the items that we discussed before you went out of town: Due Diligence Teams for Acquisitions Identified I have worked with my operations controllers in EWS and have identified a short list of individuals that we could use in the due diligence efforts on potential acquisitions . We have identified our target teams for due diligence efforts around commodities . While each person on the list has other duties currently , all have back ups that would allow them to be devoted to projects as they arise . I will review this list continually and update it as I identify other qualified operations personnel who could do an excellent job as part of a due diligence team . I mentioned that Kristin Albrecht had created a due diligence check list while she was in London on the MG acquisition . We will hold a session in the next 10 days to review this checklist so that all are prepared . Let me know if you are interested in the names on my list . Also let me know if there is a pending due diligence effort . Dedicated Support Named for Transportation Business I met with Dan Reck and Chris Kravas week before last and have reviewed the executive summary from the consulting team . I followed up with Brent Price ( my operations controller for EGM ) to review his plan for creating an appropriate infrastructure to support that business . Currently , Todd Hall and Mike Perun on Brent's team are assessing what needs to be done . Todd has other responsibilities and Dan Reck was concerned about the amount of time that Todd would have . Brent has since recruited Shelley Stubbs to play the lead role over operations integration for Webmodal . She will be returning to Houston from the London office by the end of March . She will be able to split her time starting next week to focus on Webmodal . Todd will stay involved until Shelley is devoted fulltime at the end of March . We will also keep Mike Perun on the assignment working for Shelley . Shelley is expected to be in Houston next week , and I will sit in on meetings with her next week regarding our plans . I will keep you posted .
Approved for Patti Thompson . Sally Beck XMS ( Expense Management System ) For New Users Session Dates & Times: Location: EB3321
Thanks for the update . Good to know that the current due date still looks likely - always give or take a week or so ! I have just returned from drill team contest in Dallas - lots of fun and the Bearkadettes did great ! First place in their division ( super sized schools) , best in category for all four team dances , first place solo , first place duet , first place officers dance , and two special judges awards - one for a perfect score of 100 from all three judges on one team routine ( which Meagan was in ) and one for creativity and presentation . Keep me posted on baby news! ! --Sally
We got back from Dallas yesterday about 5:00 and it was a fun and very fruitful trip for the team . Schools are categorized by size - small , medium , large and super . Klein is super-sized . The Bearkadettes won first place and the grand champion trophy in the super category . Best in Category awards are given for each category of team dance entered , regardless of school size . Klein won best in category for all four team dances entered - kick , pom , military and jazz - a clean sweep . Klein also had the first place winner in the solo category and first place in the duet category . Also won first place in officer dances for super sized schools . They also won two special judges awards - not given out every time , but only when the judges want to especially recognize achievements . They got a special judges award for Creativity and Originality ( commentary on both our fabulous costumes made by a group of Bearkadette moms and the choreography ) and a special judges award for Perfect Score ( a score of 100 awarded by all 3 judges for a particular routine - apparently very rare) . The Perfect Score award was for their pom routine , where they are dressed like penguins ( one of the ones that Meagan was in) . The girls were pretty excited and the moms were cheering a lot , too . They all work so hard and spend so many hours practicing that it is nice to see that pay off! ! I am ordering the video from competition , so we can show you the routines sometime . I had a lot of fun . The girls are cute and I enjoyed getting to know some of the moms who were chaperoning as well . But it was nice to get back to Houston yesterday .
Any feedback or interest ? Please let me know . --Sally
Was this memo just to inform me of this meeting , or did you cc me to invite me to the meeting ? I am not available on March 9th from 12:00 to 1:00 . Does this meeting pertain only to IT personnel ? If so , I will ignore this . If you did want someone from my group to attend , let me know and I will ask an appropriate person to attend . --Sally
Please keep this number handy just in case . Thanks .
I was out of the office Friday and Monday - just back today . I am having to rearrange some things that Mary was focused on . I will get back with you later today and let you know who the best contact person will be . --Sally
Count me in - I have really enjoyed doing this during the past two years . I will review the 16 applications and will rank order the top eight for you by the end of this week . For your planning purposes , I will be available to interview at UT during the week of March 26 . Best days for me are Tuesday , March 27 and Thursday , March 29 . I can make other days work as well . For the luncheon during the week of April 16 , I am available on April 16 , 17 , 18 or 19th . Hope this helps . If you do not have enough response from your list below , let me know and I will help put together a team to interview potential scholarship recepients on campus . --Sally
Please print the attachment for me in color . Thanks . --Sally
Thanks for your message . I thought that John did have responsibility for risk , and I am glad to have that clarified . Kristin worked for me for several years as the risk lead for ENA power and joined Barry at EBS last August , so I knew that you all had a great resource there ! I will look forward to a follow-up conversation to explore where we may have potential solutions for EBS that can be borrowed or modified from EWS . Just give me a call when you are ready to get back together . --Sally
Please get with Tina and work out how we will handle expense reimbursements for Greg's approval . If Tina and Greg are not yet using the online format , then simply sending him original receipts probably won't do anything for him . Thanks . --Sally
Unfortunately , these new dates don't work for me . My children's spring break is next week , March 12-16 , I will be out of the office that week on vacation , taking my own daughter to look at colleges ! --Sally
I suspect that you meant to include Bob Hall , the VP that reports to me , on this mailing list . His assistant ( Heather Choate ) is included in your mailing list . The "Robert L Hall at ET&S" to whom this is addressed is not Bob Hall in Networks who reports to me . You should address this to "Bob Hall" - if you do this the e:mail address should pop us as Bob M Hall/NA/Enron . Thanks . --Sally
Still checking kids schedules at home for the 19th . I will let you know tomorrow . --Sally
Thanks for sending me your thoughts from the meeting you attended . These are interesting , and definitely can relate to some of the things that we discussed in Dallas . Please continue to send me any thoughts you have on the subject . I will organize a recap of the recent work we have done in trying to "size" the market for our services and get that out to all attendees within the next week or so . --Sally
I took the Executive Influence and Impact program in May 1999 and also took the follow up Communications program in 2000 . Is this another program that you are contacting me about , or would Enron like for us to repeat the program ? Hopefully HR records indicate that I completed the two programs in 1999 and 2000 . Just let me know if I need to sign up for anything . --Sally
I will be out on vacation next week while my kids are on spring break . I will make the next meeting . --Sally
Great follow through ! Thanks for managing the doorstep process in Mexico so that Max and his team saw that as a plus for them . Perfect approach and outcome . --Sally
Yes , I can make March 30th work . I will put that on my calendar . --Sally
Cindy had to change lunch to March 30 , which conflicts with Bob Shults . I moved Cindy to March 30th- can you try to move my lunch with Bob to March 28th ? Thanks . ( FYI , CIndy's last names has only "O's" in it - Olson and Bob's last name has only "S's" - no "Z". )
Wes' memo finally went out to Sherriff . DPR won't change at this point in time . --Sally
I was promoted effective February 1 , 2001 to Managing Director of Global Risk Management Operations for Enron Corp . in Houston . In this role I manage all mid and back office services for all commodities markets within Enron's wholesale businesses: Enron Americas , Enron Global Markets , Enron Industrial Markets and Enron Europe . I received my BBA from UT-Austin in 1975 and my MBA in 1977 . My maiden name while attending school was Sally White .
I think that this sounds like a good plan . Since Michelle , Clay and Nadege are still pending on their fulltime offers , this should help us in the cultivation effort . --Sally Enron North America Corp .
Thought you might like to see this note from Max on the doorstep review in Monterrey . Beth is a great addition and has made a very positive impact already . --Sally
FYI - Beth Apollo led the doorstep review in Monterrey last week . No problems discovered - but Beth did find some communications and system access issues that could be improved to make it easier for Max's team to do their jobs . She has quickly identified a point person within Operations in Houston who is bi-lingual ( Gordon) . Max's note addresses his pleasure over Beth's responsiveness and the doorstep process in general . Just wanted to pass this along . --Sally
Buried somewhere in these e:mail messages is a resume . Please print for me and put it in a resume folder ( along with some others that I have in my outbox) . I will need to review them when I am back . Thanks .
I will be out of the office on vacation the week of March 12 . My assistant , Patti Thompson ( x39106) , will have contact numbers for me if you need to reach me while I am out on vacation . Below are the key Operations Contacts for Enron Americas for the week of March 12: Gas Operations Jeff Gossett x37306 Bob Hall x36956 Power Operations Stacey White x31870 DPR Shona Wilson x39123 Chris Abel x33102 MPR Shona Wilson x39123
I will be on vacation the week of March while my children are on Spring Break . We will be out of town Monday through Wednesday , looking at colleges with Meagan . We should return to Houston on Wednesday night . I have planned to be out of the office for the balance of the week , but may decide to return to work on Thursday and Friday . My assistant , Patti Thompson ( x39106) , will have contact numbers for me while I am out of town in case something urgent arises . I will also let her know during the week whether or not I will be back at work on Thursday and Friday . In my absence , the following persons are key contacts: Commercialization of Services: James Scribner x39641 Beth Apollo x35014 Enron Americas Operations: Gas: Bob Hall x36956 Power: Stacey White x31870 Enron Global Markets Operations: Brent Price x37647 Enron Industrial Markets Operations: Brenda Herod x35778 Enron Europe Operations: Mike Jordan 7830-34703 Global Services: Beth Apollo x35014
Meant to copy you on this note . I will either see you on Thursday next week , or on Monday the 19th . --Sally
I got the message that you couldn't meet this afternoon . Thought I would do a quick note to bring you up to date on some things . Commercialization Efforts- Services: Delayed by several days due to the unexpected absence of Mary Solmonson for health reasons . I learned about this when I returned to the office on Tuesday , and have worked to replace her as best we can during this market sizing phase . Jennifer Denney ( who was in Dallas with us and works under Sheri Thomas in the EOL Product Control Group ) will partner with James Scribner in Mary's absence to help us run down additional data on potential customers . Beth Apollo will be working closely with James and Jennifer . They will welcome Rahil's help and will continue to work with Jennifer on developing the revenue model . Commercialization Efforts - Consulting: Bjorn Hagelman in the RAC group made a presentation at the Risk Forum luncheon last week outlining a plan for providing risk consulting services to external customers . Some of his ideas overlap the ideas around consulting that we fleshed out in our Dallas meeting . Some of his ideas included providing services from my risk operations team . I want this to be a concerted and not disjointed effort . Bjorn's vision is to create an Enron sub that will be the consulting company . Our team in Dallas saw wisdom in partnering with an accounting/consulting firm - established marketing arm , existing customer contacts , proven consulting skills , depth of resources , etc . There could be a play to get a hefty sum up front from a consulting firm to partner with us - we impart our risk knowledge , they get the edge in the marketplace from pairing with us , we take our upfront payment , they do most of the grinding work - not necessarily a bad model . Bjorn seems to be in a hurry , as he has identified a shipping company in Europe that is in need of risk consulting and is ready to pay . Probably okay for him to start this effort in that way . Prove concept , and then we can consider the wisdom of partnering with someone else . I spent some time with him today . I want to be sure that he doesn't commit my team to provide a service without our understanding and being in agreement with the fee structure . We are okay for right now . I will be following what Bjorn is doing and looking for ways to work together if there is a good upside . I will keep you posted . Commercialization Efforts - Internal Marketing: We have to change some business practices within Enron and create a mind shift when originators are selling operational services to their customers . We must price those and we must have a mechanism for granting the appropriate income to Operations . Deal is in the works through power origination team - they priced our services to customer without our involvement- pricing may not even be sufficient to cover our costs . We are researching . To do's here are to create an internal marketing document to review with lead originators and to change DASH process so that Operations has a sign-off . I met with Louise today on this . I will plan meetings with origination teams during the week of March 19 . Would love to get your input on our presentation to the orig teams . I will get you a draft for your comments . Operational Risk: Key focus this week has been on rebuilding a risk team in Portland . Have worked with Stacey White ( my power risk director ) and Tim Belden to make sure we have a short term and long term plan that will work . I am comfortable that we have devised a good plan . ( We lost the manager of that group last week - a planned move to London to follow her husband to an Enron job there . Our unexpected change this week was the resignation Monday of another risk book administrator from Portland. ) Operational Risk: Another key area that we are focusing on is the HPL sale . End of day today we will know which employees are going to AEP . We are working on a smooth transition plan and how we will handle trailing issues with customers after the sale effective date . We expect to eliminate 46 positions with the sale . This number was much larger earlier in the year ( around 70) , but have had a lot of attrition with the news of the sale . Bob Hall is focused on the details around this issue . Operational Risk: We completed a Doorstep Review on the Monterrey office last week . ( This is the review of operational controls and procedures. ) Went well - Max was skeptical about the process at first , but pleased in the end . I will forward and e:mail to you from Max proclaiming his support of these reviews . We overhauled this week the Doorstep Review schedule for the remainder of the year and reviewed that today with Rick Causey . He likes the revisions that we have made . Beth Apollo on my team is leading this effort . Spring Break Plans: My children are on Spring Break the week of March 12 and the nanny has the week off . We will be out of town through Wednesday , March 13 with the whole family looking at colleges for Meagan . Patti has contact numbers for me if needed . I may decide to come back into the office on Thursday and Friday . I will let Patti know when we get back in town . I will either see you the end of next week , or back on Monday , March 19 . See separate e:mail for contact names and numbers in Operations while I am out .
FYI per my longer e:mail update message.. .
Have you heard any more about this ? I didn't see it on my calendar . This does conflict with Philippe's Thursday staff meeting I believe . Maybe Philippe will cancel that . Let me know . Thanks . --Sally
I didn't search this long list of addressees to see if you were included . In case this is going only to Peggy , I thought that I would forward this since she is still on vacation . --Sally
Did you get the changes that we discussed yesterday included before the response to the RFP went to CMS ? Also , please send me a copy of the complete response to the RFP , assuming you have that . You mentioned yesterday that the document we were reviewing was only part of the package . I would like to see the whole thing . Thanks .
FYI -
I will be in New York on business on March 30th . Sorry that I will not be able to attend . The other person that I would send in my place is Beth Apollo . However , she will be on vacation next week . Can you give me any info that may be made available ? Thanks .
Thanks for your note . I really enjoyed visiting with you over dinner . I am so glad to hear that you will be joining us at Enron this summer . I know that you will find it to be an exciting place . Please let me know what your start date will be . I would love to schedule a lunch with you soon after you arrive . I hope that you will consider me a ready resource for any questions that you have both before you arrive and once you are in the door at Enron . --Sally
I am so glad that you will be able to interview . I will look forward to seeing you in Austin on Wednesday . --Sally
FYI I will be out of the office on Wednesday , March 28 . I will be in Austin interviewing 1st year MBA students for the Enron Scholarships . This will be the third year that Enron will give two to three $10,000 scholarships to top MBA students for use in their second year in business school . It's great PR for Enron on campus ( largest MBA scholarships given ) and it has helped in our recruiting efforts as well . We hired one of the first scholarship winners and he now works as an Associate in Generation Investments in Enron Americas . Gene Humphrey was the senior member of the four-person interview team . Now that is me . This is just a day trip , and I will check messages during breaks and will be back in Houston late Wednesday afternoon . I will also be in New York on Friday , March 30 . Steve Kean asked that I be the Enron participant at a Women in Business panel discussion at Columbia School of Business . I think that the list of female MD's with their MBA is a short one .
Thanks for your list . I will add these to our Hot List . Let me know about the A/R . Thanks . Would love to hear about your trip in more detail . --Sally
FYI - sounds as if Michelle is accepting . Do you have anything firm from her ? --Sally
All eight students that we interviewed for the Enron Scholarship were great and we should actively be sure that we get them on our interview schedules next year when they are in the second year of the MBA program . I don't want to simply leave that to chance by encouraging them to consider us . Karen's letter ( noted below ) is a good idea , but we should augment that by getting these students names on our radar screen for next year . I will find out who the recruiter is for UT MBA's and I will get copies of the students' resumes and my notes on where they could be a good fit to that recruiter . --Sally
Are we going to do anything for the students before fall semester ? The dinner with Dean May and others from the University is great in the fall . But last year , we had thought about just a small lunch with the students and a few from Enron . This can be simple and we don't have to coordinate around the schedule of any UT faculty or staff . But it does allow Enron to have a more immediate follow up with the scholarship recepients to celebrate their being chosen . --Sally
FYI - See attachment for latest attempt at satisfying the "ill-defined" . If this is not on target , we will keep working until it is ! - Sally
Good response , Bob . Thanks for leading the way on the format for that meeting . --Sally
Big ticket item on here is the group dinner in Dallas for the ASE . I can view the entry and can click on attendees - but only see a list of 10 or 12 attendees . There were 30 or so , plus Greg Piper and Lisa Petruska . I am missing a second page of attendees , or were only a few listed ? If I am not missing a page , please ask Heather to include the complete list of attendees ( all who were at the ASE plus Greg and Lisa) . A $4,000 meal for 10 attendees looks funny . There were many more in attendance . The cost of the meal makes more sense with a complete list of attendees . Thanks .
Please approve .
We will get you back on the official distribution list . For now , I am forwarding our weekly report to you . --Sally
Please approve .
FYI - People tend to forget that we have some parts of the business that run 24 hours a day . We often get notices like the one sent on March 29 below without much lead time and without regard to potential business impact . Bob Superty has done a good job in scrambling to provide business solutions for us in gas scheduling . This is a good team that knows how to react quickly . --Sally
Thanks for your note and resume . I have sent a copy to our Managing Director of Global Financial Trading . He is in our London office this week , with a pretty demanding schedule , so it may be early next week before I hear back from him with regard to his interest . I look forward to talking with you tomorrow . Best time to reach me would be around 2:00 pm . --Sally
TO: All EGM and EIM employees affected FROM: Sally Beck , Managing Director of ENW-Global Risk Management Operations Last fall , the Enron Wholesale Services organization was created and announced in an organizational memo from Jeff Skilling . All wholesale companies ( Enron Americas , Enron Europe , Enron Global Markets and Enron Industrial Markets ) plus Enron Net Works and Enron Global Assets were included in the Enron Wholesale Services umbrella . In that organizational memo , the Energy Operations team ( now Global Risk Management Operations ) was moved into Enron Net Works to align our operational services , information technology and e:commerce platforms in order to offer the best quality services to Enron wholesale customers . This alignment also positions us to evaluate the prospect of packaging these services for other customers as well . With this reorganization , we continue to maintain dedicated operations teams that support each of the wholesale businesses . Since this reorganization occurred so close to year end , I suggested that we wait until January 1 , 2001 to move employees under Enron Net Works . Senior management , accounting and HR agreed with this date for effecting the move to Enron Networks . Unfortunately , however , the January conversion to Networks did not get fully executed . To correct this , effective April 01 , 2001 , all EGM and EIM employees and non-employees who provide risk management operations services and ultimately report in to Brent Price and Brenda Herod , respectively , will be transferred to ENW - Global Risk Management Operations under company 083E . Starting April 1st , you should start using new cost centers for coding and timekeeping purposes . This will formalize the ENW-Global Risk Management Operations' structure . There are some direct effects that surround the conversion to Enron Net Works . Because you are transferring between Enron payroll companies , IRS requirements state that FICA withholding must start over . This applies only to the OASDI ( 6.2% ) which has a maximum wage base withholding of $80,400.00 for 2001 . Medicare tax withholding of 1.45% has no cap and therefore does not start over but continues as usual . The excess OASDI withholding that you incur for the year will credit to you on your 2001 tax return as withholding . Therefore , to alleviate the burden of starting over , you can adjust your Federal income tax withholding down by filing a new Form W-4 and claim additional allowances which will reduce the withholding to adjust for the excess OASDI withholding . Be sure to ask your tax advisor what additional steps you can take to balance out these changes . You may also contact the Payroll Department @ 713/345-5555 to assist you with any questions . We will continue to have dedicated HR reps who will work directly with you and your team and who will coordinate among themselves to share best practices that can positively impact all teams . If you have questions , please call the HR representative who supports your organization , as identified below relative to the business unit to which your team is dedicated: Business Unit HR Contact Phone# EGM David Hill 713/853-4218 EIM Kathy Neal 713/345-7803 EA/Global Services Frank De Jesus 713/345-3662 Thanks for your continued hard work and dedication to the success of Enron Wholesale Services .
Resume attached per my voice mail to you . This guy is currently at Compaq , but wants to do something else . Any interest ? As I said in my voice mail , I will be glad to call my friend Dave Schempf to get more info on this guy if you would like . --Sally
Looks like this is back in the right spot for discussion.. .
Exactly ! Mom sent me the pictures from the hospital with Anna . I could easily be mistaken for her grandmother , I'm afraid . I see pictures of myself and wonder who that older person is?! ? --Sally
Can you print this for me ? Thanks .
Thanks for putting this together . I will look forward to reading the details later today . --Sally
I was at the pre-seasoner opener at Enron Field last Friday night and saw you throw the first pitch . It was a nice one - never a chance of it hitting the dirt ! -Sally
Looks like this is back in the right spot for discussion.. .
You are kind - and that's one of the things that I love about you ! I suppose that we should get serious about the dinner for Mom and Dad , since it is two months away . I will be glad to handle invitations . I will look for some this week and coordinate with Mom on final names and addresses . Cara had sent an e:mail a few weeks ago with some detailed questions to answer . I still have a copy of it , but haven't focused on it to date . I will call you tonight and we can go through it and offer to Cara to follow up with Josephine's House if that would help her given her current charge at home . --Sally
Can you print this for me ? Thanks .
Please put these dates on my calendar and let Lexi know that at this point the calendar is open and that I will be happy to participate in both the information session and the interviews . Thanks .
Please ask Sheri Thomas if this person needs access to EOL applications . I don't recognize the names . The name noted as manager is Loyd Will , who is a commercial employee reporting to Kevin Presto . Thanks .
Sally has arranged Brian Wood with Avistar to demo a desktop video conferencing product tomorrow ( Wednesday) , April 4 , 1:00 -2:00 PM . Brian will meet at Sally's office and take whoever is interested to another office location in the Enron Building for demonstration . If you are interested in attending , please call me at x39106 so I can give Brian a headcount . Thanks , Patti x39106
I will be in the office the whole week of April 9 . I will ask my assistant to call yours to set up a 30 minute meeting for us next week to discuss the candidates that we saw during the scholarship interviews . --Sally
FYI - Let's discuss . --Sally
Got your note . It's a little premature to forecast now - we will have a better idea by April 15 - our timeline for completing our look at a revenue model . Can we delay until then ? We do have a monthly fee of $16,000 that we are receiving from Bridgeline that , while small , you could include in our revenue line to date . I am not sure why it is not showing up as income . Probably because we have been considered a cost center to date . I suspect that the income is simply being recorded as an offset to one of our cost centers . By copy of this memo to Brian Heinrich , could you and he figure out where that income is and classify it appropriately so that it shows as revenue ? Since our costs are fully allocated to business units , this should be pure margin . Hey , you have to start somewhere ! I have a lunch meeting scheduled with Greg Piper on Friday this week . One of the items that I want to discuss with him is how we want to treat expenses that we are incurring while researching the feasibility of this business . I don't have an answer for you today on what if any costs will not be allocated to the business units . Next week I can give you more info on that .
Is this on Vanessa's update list ? Are users happy with the results ?
Per my memo below , please enroll Brenda Herod , James Scribner , Thresa Allenand Shona Wilson for the May session . Thanks for the reminder and for yourhelp ! --Sally
Great idea to run this by Louise . She ususally has some good ideas on how things should look and feel online . I would love to see it , too . Thanks . --Sally
Does Vanessa know anything about this ? I know that we had a definite interest several years ago in a system from Siebel . We shelved it at the time due to IT resource constraints and Philippe's concern over costs . In the meantime , EES bought a license and uses this system . I know that Mary was resurrecting this with someone on her team . She had recently reviewed it with Brenda Herod , I believe . This is one of the items that we listed in Dallas as a need if we were to get heavily into providing services for others . --Sally
I am following up with someone that was on Mary's team that now works for Beth Apollo . We will get back with you on this shortly . --Sally
Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are , the creation of a pricing desk , how that will work ( process and revenue sharing) , selling of services for others , our operations pricing model , the DASH process , key contacts in operations , etc . I expect to review a draft by this Friday . Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting . We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y . to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week . Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once ( a mini offsite) . We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority . If that doesn't work , we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone . Targeted attendees are: Gas Frank Vickers ( East ) Laura Luce ( Central ) Barry Tycholiz ( West ) Derivatives Fred LaGrasta Power Dave Duran Ozzie Pagan Ed Baughman Bruce Shuckley Portland Chris Calger Calgary Ladain Mexico Max Y . When you and I met we discussed most of these names . I added the Calgary guy and Max . I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team . They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well . We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass , and will share the presentation with them as well . Do you want to add any names ? If we do wind up with one date that will work for most , I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like . --Sally
It didn't occur to me until seeing Richard's message that we might have a hole in communications with Mary being out on an extended basis . We should probably create a message on Mary's phone that refers callers to someone else - ditto on e:mail messages . Beth , does it make sense for that referral to be James , or you , or Vanessa ? Others within our organization that may try to reach Mary could have questions about global databases , projects that Joel's group had been handling , etc . I am not trying to put this off on you if you don't think it is appropriate - but James and/or Vanessa came to mind as possible contacts . By copy to Hector , I also wonder if we should review incoming e:mails that have come to Mary over the last several weeks to see if there are some internal requests to which we need to respond . Let me know what you think . --Sally
Tight time frame for Mike & co . on metals deliverables . Raises the question around the timing of next week's visit on metal . Will we divert critical resources from these efforts . --Sally
FYI - Let's discuss . --Sally
Is this on Vanessa's update list ? Are users happy with the results ?
Per my memo below , please enroll Brenda Herod , James Scribner , Thresa Allen and Shona Wilson for the May session . Thanks for the reminder and for your help ! --Sally
Thanks for the update . I am forwarding your message to Beth Apollo . She is the VP on my team that manages our Global Services , and this Executive Report Viewer falls in that arena . She will be closer to this than I . You may want to get her feedback as well . --Sally
Please print in color for me . Thanks .
In a meeting with Louise Kitchen today , she mentioned that Bob Superty was very impressive in a presentation that he made to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors on Wednesday . She was very complimentary . I have let Bob know about Louise's praise . Thought that you would like to know as well . --Sally
Imagining that for myself , it would not be a pretty site . Was it just a lot of movement , or was there noise as well ? --Sally
Please print in color for me . Do we have a file set up for these ? Thanks . --Sally
Is this going to be a shower ? If so , I would like to get my own gift for them , if that is okay . Or would you prefer that everyone simply contribute to the gift basket ? What time on the 20th - I'd like to put that on my calendar . Does Louise know if it is a boy or girl ? Thanks . --Sally
Rahil will have a draft to me this afternoon , then he , Beth Apollo and I will meet tomorrow morning at 8:30 to discuss and revise . I don't want to "mass mail" this on Friday . ( None of these guys will read it on Friday afternoon or over the weekend anyway. ) Instead , I want to meet with Frank Vickers and Ed Baughman ( I have known both for years and we get both gas and power covered ) either Friday afternoon or Monday to go over the presentation in person and get their thoughts and input ( Rahil included) . They will likely come up with questions that we have not thought of or where our presentation could be tweaked . With revisions from this session , then it makes sense to set up one on one meetings with each orgination team ( we spread the word to the whole team , rather than just hitting the origination lead) . We can start those next week and finish most next week . I think that the logistics of any offsite would be difficult with schedules and I don't really think that we need one . Calgary will need a special message , and we may have to go to Calgary to deliver it . You and I can discuss that in more detail . Max will be in from Mexico on April 20 , and Beth Apollo has already booked some time with him on that day for us to cover this information . Laura Luce is here today and will be back in Houston next Wednesday , April 11 . I have booked time with her that afternoon to cover the presentation . That will leave Portland as the other "out of towner" to schedule . I am planning a trip there the next time that Stacey White heads up there . Right now we are looking at April 17 , 18 or 19 . We can send Chris info before that and plan to meet with him perhaps in conjunction with that trip that I need to make around our west power risk team . I would welcome your participation in any of the meetings here in Houston or on the trips that we will need to make . You and I can discuss the appropriate make-up of the team for each of these presentations at lunch tomorrow . I think that this plan will be effective and will give us the best coverage and input . Are you comfortable with this plan of attack ? --Sally
Please print in color for me . Thanks .
This is a copy of the presentation that Bob Superty made to the Peoples Energy Board this week . Lousie Kitchen told me that he was very impressive in the presentation ( not a surprise to me , but it is nice when others recognize the talent that is in the operations organization) . We may be able to incorporate some of this into our presentation to originators for internal purposes , and there may be parts of this that could be used in external marketing tools . --Sally
What does "completed" mean ? My first request was to give me access to review all e-mail messages that Mary has received since March 1 through yesterday's date . I asked if they could be transferred to my mail box to simplify my review process . Has this been done ? I don't see any new messages that have been transferred from Mary's mail box to mine . --Sally
Is it lunch or dinner on May 10 ?
Would you like to be included ? We will try to start this next week . I will ask Patti to get with you on the details . --Sally
I am hosting drinks at my home and dinner at Champions Golf Club on Saturday , May 5 for my operations team and their spouses . Greg and I talked about this today . He asked me to e-mail you so that you could put this on his calendar and said that you would e-mail his wife to check the date as well . If he and his wife are available , I will let you know details as it gets closer . Thanks for your help . --Sally
I have talked with Jeff Gossett , Leslie Reeves and Stacey White to let them know about the Saturday effort and the Sunday meeting . They all will be in town this weekend and will be on call . Their contact numbers are listed below: Home Phone Cell Phone may be long distance Leslie Reeves 281-476-4408 713-907-6554 Stacey White 281-894-0468 281-382-5215 Sally Beck 281-370-8568 713-417-1591 or ( Kim Theriot reports to Leslie , so she will talk with Kim . I don't have contact numbers for Kim. )
We'll see you the next time . Thanks .
Is it lunch or dinner on May 10 ?
I was really looking for the list of attendees to see we wanted to share rides to Neiman's . Can you get that list form Vanessa ? Thanks .
Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week regarding the commercialization of our services . While we will certainly draw upon the knowledge of others within Operations , we will consider this to be the core resource team . We want to continue to build momentum for this effort . Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day business , this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us informed and in alignment . Thanks !
We'll see you the next time . Thanks .
Please put the 17th meeting on my calendar . I may or may not attend , but want to have that on the calendar just in case . Thanks .
The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams . Between my operations teams dedicated to EA , EGM and EIM , I have roughly 500 employees in the Enron building . Do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e-mail message , or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of Net Works ? I have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor ( including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees): 29th Floor ( trading ) 67 employees EGM risk , vol . mgmt. , confirms , settlements and EIM risk 30th Floor ( trading ) 35 employees EGM risk , confirms , settlements ( various products ) 31st Floor ( trading ) 52 employees Power risk , confirms , vol . mgnt. , settlements and DPR and MPR teams 32nd Floor ( trading ) 117 employees Gas risk , logistics ( all regions) , operational analysis 37th Floor 148 employees Gas vol . mgmt. , settlements , and global services Also , given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group , I would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions . --Sally
I won't bury you with constant examples , but am copying you on this note regarding floor meetings . While operations is now a part of Enron Net Works , I believe that the only meaningful piece of that to Philippe and Greg is our commercialization effort . They are not in the habit of considering the 500 people who provide critical services to EA , EGM and EIM daily . Floor meetings set by Greg and Philippe were apparently aimed at the IT teams , and yet my group has added over 500 employees to Net Works in Houston alone with our reorganization late last fall . I will diligently work with Philippe and Greg on this on an on-going basis . While not fully embraced as part of Net Works , my operations team now is organizationally separated from the key Enron businesses that we support . I suspect that motivating and managing in this environment will become increasingly challenging . This is an FYI more than anything else . --Sally
Your recent voice mail message to me indicated that you maintain a list of board positions held by VP's and above . I thought that it might be helpful to have this in writing to add to your list . Beginning with a fiscal year that starts April 2001 , I am now a member of the Board and President-Elect of National Charity League , a mother-daughter community volunteer organization . We have over 300 members , including mothers and their daughters in grades 7 through 12 , in the Spring/Champions area . We run bingo games in local nursing homes , provide "coaching" during practices for Special Olympics volleyball , tennis , track and bowling , stock local food pantries , work with children in after-school programs in the local elementary schools , etc . It is a great way to create common goals for mother and daughter teams with a focus on others , at a time when girls would otherwise tend to be focused only on themselves . The hope is that this early introduction to volunteerism will remain with the girls as a lifelong commitment .
Patti: I left Cindy a message last week about attending the NCL convention later in April . She says that Ken and Jeff encourage board membership in community activities and that taking time during the business week is part of that . So according to Cindy , the days at convention will not be counted as vacation days . I guess I would view this as if I were in LA on business , so no notation on time out of the office . Thanks .
Patti will be distributing Astros tickets to you for the 2001 season . We used a process that gives you tickets for games in proportion to the number of employees on your team . I hope that you will enjoy the games and that you will also be able to use some of the tickets to reward employees for a job well done . We have improved our tickets this year . Thanks to Patti , who scoped out options for new tickets , and to my husband , who studied advantages and disadvantages of each option , we have some good seats for the year . The new tickets ( 4 together ) are Dugout tickets , located between home and third base , about 28 rows up from the field . Not aisle tickets this year , but I sat in the seats for the pre-season opener , and they are a big improvement over last year ! We will work on the aisle for next year . We also still have the two Terrace level tickets as we did last year . For some games you will get all 6 tickets , and for others you may get either the Dugout Tickets or the Terrace tickets . Not a bad start to the season so far , so hopefully the new ballpark jinx is history ! --Sally
Beth Apollo has recently joined the team and Brenda Herod has recently married . February and March were gone before I could get organized enough to try to celebrate both of these occasions . In honor of Beth's arrival and Brenda's marriage , I hope that you can join David and me for drinks and appetizers at our house on Saturday , May 5 , followed by dinner at Champions Golf Club . Please include your spouse or a guest , and know that we will also be happy to just have you attend . Let me know if that date will work for you .
This date change means that I won't be able to make it to the open house . I will be out of town on April 27 .
I would recommend floor meetings on 37 ( we occupy almost the entire floor ) and on the operations end of floor 32 . That would cover everyone pretty well . Thanks . --Sally
I chose not to circulate a copy last Friday - reality was that I didn't think that any of the originators would read it over the weekend anyway . We had hoped to have a final draft ready on Monday ( April 9) , with plans to review that with Andy Zipper for his input and then two "test runs" with Ed Baughman and Frank Vickers on Tuesday . With any suggested changes from those test runs , my plan was to circulate copies to you and John Lavorato on Tuesday as well so that you would be aware of the approach with the origination teams . We scraped the idea of an offsite , and instead are setting up individual meetings with lead originators and their teams . Unfortunately , I got food poisoning Monday night and was out of the office on Tuesday , so we are behind schedule by a day . I am in the office today , but at about half speed , and we will try to make up for time lost yesterday .
Good idea . Is there a way to monitor usage of this folder is insure that everyone has read and complied with your message ?
In re-reading this , I noticed that Todd Hall was included in the distribution list . He is the only one from Brent's team included . Do you want to copy Brent as well , or was Todd's inclusion due to his previous responsibility over the MPR , which now is managed by Susie Ayala . Either way , you may want to include Brent on the message just so that he and his team know about the creation of this common drive . What about Georgeanne Hodges ? Should she be notified as well ? You may also want to copy Wes as an FYI . Thanks .
Here is another one.. .
Memo on floor meetings , plus my reply to Greg and Philippe .
According to Tammy Shepperd who is very involved in space allocation for the new building , a location for Sheri Thomas' Product Control Group remains up in the air . Sheri , Andy Zipper , John Cummings , and Surresh have met to discuss space , and all agree that Sheri's group needs to be located with their groups . My understanding is that you have designated a certain number of spaces for ENW on the trading floors , but that Sheri's group is not included in that count . Can we get together when you return to the office next week and discuss floor space ? Thanks . --Sally
Back on the calendar this afternoon with Andy Zipper to get his comments on the presentation - should be able to get you and John a copy following that meeting .
Here is another one.. .
This is the note that I mentioned that I sent to Philippe today about space in the new building . You can take up the cause with Philippe when he returns . I am meeting with Tammy Shepperd at 1:30 tomorrow on some space planning details . I will tell her that Sheri's group should be located with yours , and by that time I should be able to tell her that Sheri's group will be reporting to you . I will call you tomorrow after I talk with Sheri - should be by 11:00 am . --Sally
This will be an important meeting for me to attend . Let me know when this gets scheduled . Thanks .
Memo on floor meetings , plus my reply to Greg and Philippe .
I am taking Good Friday as my discretionary holiday for the year . I will be in Austin with my daughter for her official tour and info session at UT , plus a look at dorms . Patti will have numbers where I can be reached in Austin . We are making final changes to the orig presentation today - I will be reviewing those tomorrow in Austin . I am e:mailing you a current draft version , although it does not yet reflect all of the changes needed . I am still trying to eliminate some pages to make it more a more manageable size . I have taken the work that Rahil and Fred have done on the services and have made that into an appendix - nice work , but way too much detail for a presentation .
Thanks for following up on this . We will incorporate you numbers for offices and spots in the Tower .
Here is final presentation . I worked with Fred and Stephen this morning to make final changes . --Sally
Keep me posted on the impact of losing that day . Thanks . --Sally
I will meet with Kim this afternoon on her comments on ConfirmLogic . Bottom line , no sign off from Kim at this point . Thought you might want to know . --Sally
I assume that Kathryn has communicated this to you . I have only read Kim's e-mail - I will talk with her later today . --Sally
Keep me posted on the impact of losing that day . Thanks . --Sally
I will need a rental car in Oklahoma - looks like National is the one to use . Thanks . --Sally
Hadn't talked with you in a while and thought that I would send a quick note to say hello . Saying it is busy here sounds a bit like a broken record , but it is busy here ! Big challege currently is juggling our huge day-to-day business for Enron Americas , starting the absorption of some pieces of EES ( my part alone looks like an additional 120 employees , with the intent to find ways to assimilate that business and ultimately reduce overall support costs for Enron) , the sale of Houston Pipeline to AEP that should conclude in June or July and the commercialization of mid and back office services . All of these of course with top priority ! I am really enjoying having Beth Apollo on the team . She has already made a very positive impact , while she is learning the details of the operations side . How is life treating you ? I know that their is a lot going on in the London office , as well . How has Ted Murphy's assimilation into the London office been ? Do you have plans to be in Houston any time soon ? Keep me posted tomorrow on any news that you hear from Mike Jordan regarding their baby . Hope that all is well with you . --Sally
I have my list at home , but I know that we need Dad's sister Jane and her husband , Homer and Karen , Sarah in Austin ( whose kids are independently dell-wealthy ) and I can't remember who else . I know that there were ten invitations needed , including Mom and Dad . The list below plus those in this paragraph total 8 - so we must be missing 2 . I will try to catch David and have him look at the list that I copied from Mom . Thanks for these . I will do invitations this weekend . Do you have the address for Josephine's House ? And do we have a time ? --Sally
Thought you'd like to know . --Sally
Thought you'd like to know . --Sally Congratulations on the birth of Emma . I hope that everyone is doing well . Enjoy your time off and the opportunity to hold and hug that new baby . I will look forward to seeing pictures the next time that we get together . --Sally
As a follow up to our discussion earlier this week on commercialization of mid and back office services and managing those responsibilities for EWS , I will have a timeline for your review on Monday that will pinpoint key dates: Unify conversion , EES absorption , HPL sale , commercialization , Todd Busby's arrival , etc . I will also have details of resource needs . We can use this to set internal expectations on the timing of successfully handling all of these initiatives . I will welcome your comments on the timeline . --Sally
Latest update - FYI
I will be out of town on Thursday . I think that it would be great if you could attend this info session on CommodityLogic - it would be good to hear how this project is being described to a wider audience within Enron . If you can make it , please try to attend . And I would love to have a voice mail message afterwards with your feedback from the info session . Thanks .
The attachment below recaps our meeting from this morning . Highlights from last week are noted and commitments for this week are detailed as well . Let me know if anything has been left off the list . --Sally
I have asked Bob Superty , Kim Theriot and Mechelle Stevens to attend . I don't have confirmation yet on whether or not all three will be able to attend . I thought that if asked three , that this should work on one of their schedules . I will let you know later who will attend . I will be out of the office that day . --sally
Focusing the right people on the right issues is always a good idea . I would like to visit with you to understand what you mean by "operational issues" . My team has a meeting every other Monday focused on operational risk and we have various working groups that focus on key projects or initiatives that vary with need . A daily meeting on operational issues would need to have the appropriate team members there , and I hesitate to add an additional meeting to any key folks on my team if operational projects/initiatives are being covered either in our Monday operational risk meeting or in another forum . --Sally
FYI - I need to talk with Shona tomorrow to get a read on what Rick wants here . Do you have any ideas given your on-going conversations with David Port ? --Sally
Latest update - FYI
I have put this meeting on my calendar . You don't need to forward to anyone else . Chantelle should handle that for Brent's EGM team . Thanks .
I will have that to you by the end of the afternoon . I have set aside my afternoon to complete the timeline and resource needs , rewrite the presentation to originators , recap our Monday morning meeting on commercialization efforts for this week , work on my game plan for EES and get with Bob Hall to do an update for Brian Redmond on the HPL sale before his Tueday meeting with Louise . I will share these items with you as I get them checked off my list this afternoon . --Sally
Three weeks ago I started a 15 minute meeting in my office on Monday mornings for a key group working on the commercialization effort of mid and back office services . Attendees are my key operations personnel involved , Todd Busby ( for a preview of what's to come) , Rahil and Fred Philipson . The purpose of the meeting is to review progress on items agreed to for the previous week and to establish priorities for the current week . I have been capturing all of this on the white board in my office to date . Today I decided to recap in writing for everyone . Thought that you might be interested . Open the attachment to the e-mail below . This way you will know more of the details of our efforts each week . --Sally
Here is Rick's response - sounds more like a concern on his part on losing people and some of their reasons cited for leaving . Do you know who has left ?
Leslie Reeves and I met today with Mark Taylor and Mark Haedicke to discuss the eliminination of confirmations for transacations executed on EnronOnline . Mark Taylor has been supportive of the elimination of confirmations , and in the meeting today Mark Haedicke agreed . This elimination of confirmations will have to be reviewed on a counterparty by counterparty basis , and for each counterparty , commodity by commodity . Next steps: Document EOL process and records that can evidence the execution of a transaction ( ease of availability , type of record available , retention schedule for records , etc . ( Sheri Thomas? ) Create a priortized list of counterparties to be approached for elimination of confirmations - large number of transactions , those that have asked for paper-relief , etc . ( Leslie Reeves/Kim Theriot ) Set up meeting with Andy Zipper , Jay Webb , Tom Gros , Mark Taylor , Jeff Hodge ( Legal-Physical Gas) , Elizabeth Saeger ( Legal-Power) , and Leslie Reeves to review game plan for elimination of confirmations and impact on ConfirmLogic ( my assistant will set up meeting )
FYI
I enjoyed lunch , too . Glad you included Kristin . When do Jo and the kids leave for England ? We should try to have lunch with our gangs before then . Let me know . --Sally
Thanks for the invitation . I will be out of town April 25 through 27 , so unfortunately I will have to miss the game . --Sally
Please put this on my calendar . Thanks .
Glad you followed up - I don't know why you would have been deleted , but I am glad that is straightened out . I will look for the feedback form via e-mail . Thanks .
Thanks for your note . I am glad that you liked the pictures . We would love to have you here for the recital and to spend the night . If you thought it would work , you could come over on Monday night and we could enjoy dinner together . I could take the day off from work on Tuesday and we could do some fun things , before what would probably be a more rushed dinner Tuesday night before heading to Amanda's recital . Then you could make your drive back on Wednesday after breakfast . Whatever works for you will be great , though . I am heading to Los Angeles tomorrow for the National Charity League National meeting . Patti is sending you my flight and hotel info . My Thursday night is open , and I will be getting with Sue that night . She lives in Whittier , so not too far for her to come and pick me up . I know that we will have a good time catching up .
We have set Monday , June 11 for the date of our Operations PRC that will include employees that are supporting ENA , EGM and EIM . You mentioned that your functional PRC will be set for sometime between June 7 and June 14 . It would certainly be best from my point of view if my PRC occurs prior to your functional PRC . While a number of PRC meetings will be held within Operations during the week of June 4 in preparation for our June 11th meeting , that will be the first date where we will cross calibrate directors , senior directors and VP's across ENA , EGM and EIM operations . I thought that it might be helpful to know the date of my operations PRC meeting in setting the date for your meeting . Please let me know as soon as a date has been set for your PRC . Thanks .
Monday , June 11 has been set as the date for my operations PRC meeting . At this meeting we will briefly review the results from numerous smaller PRC meetings that will have been held by my team during the week of June 4 . On June 11 , we will give a cursory review to the results from the smaller PRC meetings from analysts through manager . Our primary goal will be to make sure that the appropriate distribution has been met , and that we are aware of the individuals that are 1's and 5's . The main focus of the meeting will be to cross calibrate directors , senior directors and VP's across the operations organization and the teams that support EA , EGM and EIM . ( We are still debating if and how we cross calibrate with the London operations team ) You mentioned today that you might like to attend this meeting . I wanted you to have the date so that you could put this on your calendar . My team is also included in a funtional PRC meeting that is held by Rick Causey . In that meeting we review director level and above . Rick has not set the date for that meeting .
I always like to heart good news . I can't say that I have been deluged with examples since that meeting in January . I will ask Patti to set up a meeting sometime this week for us to get together . --Sally
I can't say that this will make me sad to lose this job . Enjoy it ! --Sally
I don't recall making this request . Who did you hear this from ? Maybe that person could shed light on this for both of us . There was some confusion among the HR groups a couple of weeks ago with the name that was assigned to your cost center for accounting purposes - didn't match the organizational name that is used for your group . I wonder if that is where this is coming from ? Norma ( whose last name I don't know ) who works for Robert Jones in HR was in the midst of the confusion . The RC name that was used had "IBS" in it and was rather long , but didn't obviously seem to relate to your team . Question was whether or not this RC reported in through Operations . When I asked Norma to read me the names of employees in that RC , it included Kathy Reeves and her team . I told her that we had not used the term "IBS" in a while . Norma asked if the RC name should be consistent with the organizational name of the group . I said that makes sense and she said she would follow up on that . But that should have been a name change , not the opening of a new cost center . See if any of this info gets us back on the right track . --Sally
I will keep you posted on time and location for the meeting on the 11th . If you join us for discussions on VP's , we will review Brent Price , Bob Hall , Peggy Hedstrom and Beth Apollo . If you want to sit in on review of senior directors , that would pick up Leslie Reeves , James Scribner , Brenda Herod , Kevin Sweeney and Sheila Glover . --Sally
Enron made most offers to summer interns as a result of campus interviews several months ago . At that time , I had surveyed my direct reports to determine the number of summer interns that we thought we could effectively accomodate and I provided that number to the recruiting staff . I understand from Ted Bland that the recruiting team is in the process of assigning summer interns to job opportunities and needs . You might check with Lexi Elliot ( one of the campus recruiters ) to see if the number of incoming interns has matched the business needs . If we have more jobs than interns , then Lexi could help in the process of interviewing Debbie for a position . My last conversation with Ted Bland led me to believe that we had a sufficient number of incoming interns , but it wouldn't hurt to check with Lexi . --Sally
On PRC: In the next few days , I will be able to give Tina an idea on the time when we will start Senior Directors in the June 11th meeting and we will keep you posted that day on timing . Contracts: I met this morning with Robert Jones and Ryan Seleznov on contracts for Brent and Bob . They were going to get with Michelle Cash today with the goal of having contract drafts for me by the end of the day . ( Legal has their offsite starting Wednesday , so we will be out of luck for legal help after today. ) I will keep you posted . I believe that these new contracts will be well received . Q2 Goals: Patti has the meeting on my calendar with you and Philippe for next Monday at 3:00 . --Sally
FYI ---
Thanks for copying me on Michael Brown's note . Brenda Herod flew to London last night and should be in the London office today . I am sure that she will be spending some time with you on this . She and I visited briefly yesterday about an effective model for support in London for the pulp and paper effort . So as to not steal her thunder , it will suffice to say that I am comfortable that the two of you can hit upon a good solution and that it will feel much more cooperative than the existing EGM model . --Sally
Please approve this request . Brent Price is my direct report and is responsible for the RC's included in this request . Thanks . --Sally Beck
I have put the staff meeting referenced at the bottom of John's message on my calendar . Please check with Kim on the location and as to whether or not future dates are set . Also , please check to see if date for offsite has been set . We are trying to schedule a vacation , and it would help to know the dates of the offsite . Thanks .
FYI -
Please see if you can get this to print so that I get all of the info . I tried it 100 times on Friday and could only one page to print , which did not include all of the information . Thanks . NEED THIS TODAY .
You are welcome to attend any of these . In fact , it is helpful for cross calibration purposes if there is some cross over in the meetings . Do get with Jeff and Stacey before the meetings to give them ffeedback on those book administrators who are problematic . PATTI: Please add Beth to the attendee list for the Risk and Settlements PRC meetings . Thanks .
We are planning a meeting with the teams lead by Meredith , Mark Evans and Mary Lynne Ruffner this afternoon - you should be getting information from Meredith shortly with time and location . During that meeting we will clarify this memo for everyone . --Sally
At the end of my 3:00 meeting with Philippe and Greg today I will get clarification about the international travel . It is hard for me to believe that Philippe or Beth Perlman or Greg Piper will fly coach to London . I will keep you posted . -Sally
FYI - You may want to review the process for managing stacks on EOL and be certain that those to whom access is granted is in compliance with the list of authorized traders maintained by RAC . I don't think that RAC needs to have approval , but we should be cross referencing requests to manage stacks on EOL with the approved trader list . This may be part of your process . If not , it probably should be incorporated . Then you may want to educate the RAC team on your approval process . Let me know if you need and help or support from me . Hope that all is well . --Sally
Thanks for copying me on this note . I have sent a suggestion to Sheri and asked her to respond to Frank Hayden . --Sally
Good solution - and you are right , this falls under our normal Educational Assistance program . Thanks for the update . --Sally
The name that I couldn't remember when we spoke yesterday if Geoffrey Mann - Americas CEO . Accompanying him will be Jim Martino from the Austin office . They will be here at 9:00 and I will have them come to the 33rd floor and I will meet with them for a few minutes . Then I can call you and walk them to wherever you are going to meet with them . Again , thanks for making this work for your schedule . Business decisions about what Viviance can provide for you are clearly yours . I do appreciate your willingness to give them your time and a fair "audience" . I know that my sister is very bullish on the quality of the product that they deliver .
I look forward to seeing you again on Thursday morning and to meeting Mr . Mann . You will need to check in at the front desk in the lobby . Usually , the process is that they will call to let me know that you are here . My extention is 35926 . You will get a visitors badge and then you will go to the 33rd floor . There is a reception area on 33 . I will meet you there . --Sally Beck
Your list looked good and I approved all as reviewers . We can talk about how the VP PRC process works - there will be an opportunity there to provide info to various commercial MD's that will be in attendance at the meeting . We will make sure that we prepare the attendees well . --Sally
Thanks for joining us for dinner last week . It was good to see you again as well . I hope that your temporary move to Houston goes smoothly . Please call me with a contact number for you this summer . We can get together while you are in town for your summer internship . --Sally
I know that the timing on choosing these interns was short . Thanks for responding back to Jana so quickly . And now most of them will be here next Monday ! Please be certain that you and your assistant are actively working on a location , phone and computer ( with necessary access granted ) for these interns . I want to be certain that all interns have a very positive introduction to working at Enron . This list excludes those that will assigned to EGM under Brent Price and his team . As soon as I get an updated list from Jana , I will schedule a meeting for this week so that we can discuss how we will make the internships a success this summer . All ideas will be welcome , so get creative before coming to the meeting . Thanks . --Sally
I want to keep track of summer interns . Please make me a desk file . This list is missing summer interns under Brent . I have asked Jana to send me an updated list . I have also sent her a message letting her know that Sheri Thomas now reports into Andy Zipper and that she needs to communicate with Sheri and Andy directly regarding Greg Carlson's internship . Also , did you keep copies of resumes of the analysts ? Can you pull resumes for the interns that will be assigned to us ? I would like to review them . I also want to hold a meeting later this week with all supervisors who will have interns reporting to them . Please check with the listed supervisor on Jana's list . If one of their direct reports will actually be the primary supervisor , please get that name . Thanks . -Sally
FYI
Could I be included in these update meetings ? Rather than read the material after the fact and have you review it with me separately , it seems that it would make sense for me to be included in the update meeting that you hold with Rick . Assuming that Rick is comfortable with that , can we do that going forward ? If all agree , please ask your assistant to let me know if a date has already been set for the next update . Thanks . . 
Please print atttachment for me . Thanks .
Here are the two for Brent . Please get copies of resumes from Jana . Please set up a meeting for later this week with all who will be supervisors of interns . Include Brent as well . Thanks . ( thirty minutes will be fine )
Let's talk about this one . _sally
Thanks for your note . I have sent a message to Beth Apollo , who is James' supervisor . Beth is out for the next two days , and will return to the office on Wednesday . I will make sure that Beth and James make a point of talking with you about this opportunity . --Sally
You may want to consider her . We can discuss . --Sally
I regret that I will miss the first Global Accounting Steering Committee Meeting on Tuesday , May 15 . I am taking that day as a vacation day while my parents are in Houston for Amanda's piano recital . I will be in attendance at the next two meetings in May - the 22nd CAO Meeting and the 29th Steering Committee Meeting .
I will be out of the office on Tuesday , May 15 . I am taking a vacation day while my parents will be in town for my daughter's piano recital . Patti ( x39106 ) has cell and home numbers where I can be reached . I will be back in the office on Wednesday , May 16 .
Please print attachment in color . Also print all other recent e:mails from Mechelle . Thanks .
It was a pleasure to meet you last week when you were in Houston . You arrived with a some good advance "press" from Cindy , all of which was well founded . I am glad that your meeting with Tom was fruitful and I am pleased that there may be a fit between Enron's needs and Vivance's offerings . I know that Cindy is very enthusiastic about the quality product that Viviance delivers , so creating a win-win situation for both companies would be great . I have e-mailed JIm Martino to keep me posted to the extent there is anything that I can do to help move along the process . While I won't make the business decision here , I can certainly help to focus attention when needed . Let me know when you will be back in Houston . If you like Mexican food , I can introduce you to the best place in the state for a great meal . --Sally
Here is agenda for Causey's offsite next week . I told Sharron that you would be in town and she said that you ( and Anna ) would certainly be welcome for all or part of the day . FYI - the location for this meeting is at the Adams Mark Hotel . This is not very close to downtown - would require a car or cab . I would be glad to have you ride with me -- just let me know which things you would like to attend . My thoughts are that I will not attend for the entire day - through lunch looks like a good point at which to break and head back to the office . Let me know what you want to do so that we can schedule meetings around your choices for Wednesday . --Sally
June 12 works well for me . It is likely that we will be on vacation on Friday , June 22 . My husband is finalizing airline reservations today , and to use our frequent flyer miles it looks as if we will have to fly on Friday , June 22 rather than Saturday , June 23 . --Sally
I remember you well , Christine , from the recruiting process . I would love to visit with you to catch up on what you have done at Enron to date and to talk with you about a rotation in my group . By copy of this memo , I will ask my assistant to set up a time for us to get together . I look forward to seeing you . --Sally
Peggy: I will be at the meeting at 12:00 , but will need to leave around 12:30 for a meeting with someone from London . Our schedules wouldn't allow for any other time for us to get together , and I have some critical things to review regarding London . --Sally
Thanks for the details on the flowers . That should be enough for us to produce something pretty and nostalgic for a coursage and boutineer . David must have had a brain lapse - he forgot to mention that you had called . Meagan and I were probably at the Bearkadette officers meeting at the time . We really enjoyed your visit as well ! Thanks for supporting Amanda in her musical efforts . --Sally
We need to talk .
Do you want my help in preparing something for Paul ? Would you like me to go with you when you meet with Paul ?
Can you print the attachment for me ? Thanks .
The decision was made last Friday that June 1 would be the closing date for the sale of HPL to AEP ( there had been some discussion about moving the close date to July 1) . Brian Redmond has compiled a list of action items to be completed before the close . Bob Hall is leading this effort for operations and we do not anticipate any problems meeting the June 1 date . As I explained earlier , our involvement will continue with HPL through June , as invoicing and cash collection for the production month of May will be handled in June . After the end of June , their may be some involvement on our part in following up on any unpaid invoices or answering customer questions regarding activity prior to June 1 . The effort on our part should diminish substantially after June 30 .
What do we do with this ? I logged in , but couldn't tell what to do . --Sally
I left you a couple of messages with two different assistants today for you to call - am sure that it is a busy Monday . I will send this note so that I don't forget the purpose . With Savita assuming the role previously played by Sheri with regard to the Product Control group , I wanted to underscore the importance of a free flow of information between the EOL team and my operations team . One of the roles that Sheri's team fulfilled was keeping my risk and operations teams apprised of any changes within EOL that can have an impact on bridging to our legacy systems . I may have met Savita once in passing . I checked with Jeff Gossett and Stacey White , risk leads over gas and power , respectively , and neither one has heard of or met Savita . Although Jennifer Denney will play an active role , I know that she will be out on maternity leave soon , so it is important for Savita to know the right players on the operations team and for them to know her . I will contact Savita directly to make the appropriate introductions . I just wanted your support and encouragement for Savita in making the right connections within operations . --Sally
Can you print attachment for me ? Thanks .
The deadline has been extended by HR until Tuesday , so that many of us can work on these reviews over the weekend . You should see more responses early next week . --Sally
Informational for me , or do you want me to attend ? If you don't want me to attend , would you like for me to review the presentation that you plan to give ? --Sally
My first and second choices on speaking engagements are listed below: 1st choice MG906 Wed , July 11 Who Moved My Cheese ? 2nd choice MG909 Fri. , July 13 Leading Your Firm Through Change Frank and Hector have been on point for further participation in the conference and would be best to visit with about use of other passes to the conference . Wes Colwell has co-sponsored our involvement in this conference . Are the four passes intended to cover his group , too ? --Sally
Glad that the two of you could make the trip to Houston this week . Hopefully , your the time spent here was worthwhile in terms of sharing ideas and further developing contacts . I Anna , I will look forward to continue dialoge as we explore commercialization opportunities . Mike , I will get back with you next week on potential dates for the annual global risk management operations offsite ( late Oct ) and on likely dates for my next trip to London . I enjoyed the shopping and dinner . --Sally
Patti is sending you my slides for the offsite - I finally got out of meetings long enough to review them ! There will be four parts to the Mid/Back Office hour and a half on the agenda: Global Risk Management Operations - Overview of Services ( Beck providing slides ) IT Systems - Overview and Organization ( Perlman providing slides ) )  CommodityLogic Modules ( Gros providing slides ) Commercialization Effort ( the three of us are working on a few slides - to come later today )
Change in plans - Patti will send slides for both me and Beth . She is formating info from Beth's assistant into format that I used for my slides , so you will get these as one presentation . ( Patti has already sent my slides so that you can begin the process of making copies for the binders. ) I think that you already have slides from Tom on CommodityLogic . We are working on a few slides for the Commercialization Effort - will have those ready as soon as we can . Thanks , Tina . --Sally
There is another Senior Director in London in Operations - Anna McAndrew . She was just joined Enron in April , and I was unsure of her title . Confirmed that this morning .
What is lily of the valley ? I don't know . Would it add anything special to the coursage ? If so , I would be glad to spring for it . I just don't know enough about flowers to make an educated call . Could the florist tell you how wonderful it is for $60 ? Meagan and Michael often have coursages and boutineers that coordinate - maybe only key for the "young set" , and not those who buy pens to commemorate a 50th anniversary . White rose will be great if the florist feels like the coordinated thing would be weird . We will be upgrading dad from a carnation , anyway . You know in the end , whatever you arrange will be terrific . I don't mean for these comments to sound picky or ungrateful! ! ( I am saving that in full force for later life -- only kidding! ) --Sally
Please put this date on my calendar and let Lexi know that I will be glad to attend . Thanks .
Please print
Evan has close to 300 people reporting to him . The largest segment is the service management team . My understanding is that there are only a handful of people who are involved in managing the invoicing efforts through the outsource providers . We will know this week exactly which positions would come under wholesale , and we will evaluate whether or not the people will move with those functions . I don't think we are in danger of getting Mark back . --Sally
Kristin , I know that we would like to get together with you to discuss UT recruiting . The easiest way to get this set up is probably for you to coordinate with our two assistants on a time that will work . My assistant is Patti Thompson ( x39106 ) and Rick's assistant is Sharron Westbrook . By copy of this note , I will ask Patti to coordinate with Sharron and one of the two will get back with you to let you know available dates and times that Rick and I could get with you . -Sally
Please coordinate with Sharron on Rick's schedule and get back with Kristin to set up a meeting . Thanks . --Sally
Please print color versions of attachments , along with black and white of Anna's cover note . Thanks .
Please print attachment for me . Thanks .
FYI
I printed copies of this resume the day that I received it from you . I met with Beth Perlman that day and gave her the resume in person . I also called Philippe Bibi and sent him a copy of the resume . I am also by way of this e:mail message going to copy Robert Jones on this resume . Robert heads up HR for Enron Net Works . Feel free to give Beth , Philippe and Robert a call to add your personal comments about the candidate . --Sally
What do you think ? I have never been crazy about the Commercial Support tag myself . Do you like professional services ? Or do you have another suggestion . Please send me your comments within the next day or so . I would like to get back to David Oxley soon . Thanks . --Sally
Got your note . I am not incredibly attached to Commercial Support and I agree that overall it probably sounds second class . Professional Services sounds fine to me . I have forwarded your message to a handful of my direct reports to get their comments - Bob Hall , Brent Price , Beth Apollo and Peggy Hedstrom . I should hear back from them today , and I will pass along any pertinent comments . Thanks . --Sally
Greg Piper and Robert Jones are aware that I will be on vacation on the date of the PRC meeting . --Sally
Thanks . We will add Greg to the list and will get back with him on details . -Sally
Sorry to hear about your grandmother . Funerals , oddly enough , seem to create opportunities to catch up with other family members . Nice to see everyone , you are just sorry about the catalyst for bringing you together . I will talk with you soon . --Sally
We may have a few more transfers given the final decision on the management of the settlements function . We had a lunch meeting with John Lavorato , Dave Delainey , Wes , etc . on Thursday last week , and will have fleshed out a the details of a proposal later this week that would move the management of the settlements function under EWS and leave the service management component ( Evan Hughes ) under EES . Final decision expected this week . --Sally
Bob Hall says Professional Services is fine - "change is good" , as he said . Brent's other suggestions are below . I agree with you - simply changing the label doesn't do a whole lot . Actions will speak louder than words . --Sally
Thanks for the follow up . --sally
We will be in Telluride the last week in June for vacation . Any suggestions on where we should eat ? Think 17 , 12 and 3 ( children's ages) . Thanks ! --Sally
FYI - as we get closer to quarter end , it may help your DPR team to know about any pending deals that could be done close to quarter end . --Sally
As a follow up to last Thursday's lunch meeting , Scott Mills and Mary Lynn Ruffer are working with Evan Hughes to further define Option 2 that we discussed regarding the settlements function . To recap , with that option , EWS would assume internal management of the settlements function , including managing data requirements to and from the outsource providers , and EES would retain the service management function , defining service levels and pricing , plus serving as the interface with EES customers . We will review with Tim , Kevin , Don and Rogers the more detailed recommendations from this team by mid week . Then we should have a final proposal of roles and responsibilities for EWS and EES around the settlements function before the end of this week . Please call me in the interim if you have any questions or suggestions . --Sally ( x35926 )
I understand from Greg that he got a little more direction from Paul about the Calpine meeting that has been moved to Thursday morning . Please send Beth Perlman and me a copy of the revised draft of the meeting document that you are preparing , in addition to Tom . Thanks .
Another opinion . I read Barry's response from EBS . Not a lot of overwhelming sentiment for Professional Services . Since this in only a term used in the PRC process , I don't know that a name change at this point would make much of a difference . Let me know is decided . --Sally
I didn't have an opening that looked quite right for Dan's experiece . I have , however , given has resume to Tom Gros who has been leading CommodityLogic and is also paired with Beth Perlman and me on evaluating the potential for commercializing our mid and back office services . In this effort , it is likely that Tom will to put together a marketing team . I suggested that he consider Dan for one of those positions .
FYI - I will fill you in on the meeting this afternoon and will get you a copy of whatever we review . --Sally
FYI
Thanks so much for your note . I have assumed my new role as COO right at budget time , so in addition to being on top of the budget for my operations team of about 1000 , I have picked up responsibility for the other budgets under Enron Net Works , another 2500 people that deliver our IT infrastructure , our system maintenance and development projects and our e-commerce platforms . The learning curve is steep right now , but fun ! Your association with Vanderbilt sounds interesting . CIndy is keeping me abreast of your project . I sincerely hope that this proves to be a great fit for you . While everyone in the country has been profoundly impacted by the terrorist attacks , I can only imagine that the feeling is heightened for those of you that live in New York . My thoughts are with you and your family . --Sally
Wes and team had preset the meeting schedule and topics to be covered in each . The outline that I sent you with the changes for the remainder of this week is simply our best attempt at fitting coordinating topics around people availability and the meeting schedule that had already been set . The schedule that we have been working with that Wes provided did not allocate two hours for the Friday meeting . If you had set aside two hours , that had not been communicated to us . There were only two one-hour meeting slots on that schedule . One for ENW from 1-2 and one for Research from 3-4 . I have a major conflict on Friday - I committed months ago to attend a meeting that Ken Lay asked to be involved in that is in the Woodlands that runs through the evening hours. . Only because Beth Perlman is out on Thursday for a religious holiday , I decided to "skip out" from this meeting to be here on Friday afternoon to discuss the Operations and IT Development budgets together . In order to minimize my time away from the Woodlands meeting , I orchestrated the time swap with Vince Kaminiski so that we could have our ENW meeting at 3:00 . I will talk with you later today and fill you in on the commitment for Ken Lay . Maybe we can work together for a scheduling solution that works for both of us . I would appreciate your help on that , Louise.Scheduling issues aside , Wes suggested that we also review with you the EES budget that ENW has prepared . Our approach so far has been to determine the appropriate and necessary spend for 2002 for expense and capital for all of the services that ENW provides to support the EES business . We have done this without regard to who will cover which expenses - EES or EA . That is a separate issue from understanding the services that need to be provided and our best estimate at costs . We are prepared , however , with a suggested split on the costs for discussion purposes . I have assumed that the decision on cost sharing or allocation would be made between the offices of the chair for EES and ENW . If you would like to cover all of ENW's budgets together , both for EES and EA , then it would make more sense to set a longer block of time ( maybe 3 hours?) . I will bring my schedule to our meeting at 11:00 today to cover the Canadian budget and we can work out a schedule that works for both of us . We will be prepared to discuss pricing per transaction , but will hold that until the end of our meetings when we have been able to review with you the components of costs and the detail of capital projects . Our review of costs and projects in effect will serve as our "scope of engagement" discussion . A service provider would never quote a firm price until agreement had been reached on the scope of the engagement . We will have a straw man for discussion on that . --Sally
This in in response to your offer that you had a few spots on the trading floor when we could locate people that won't move to the new builiding until April . All of these would be IT applications support . I would feel comfortable naming names , so if you think you have 5 temporary spots for these people and need names , I will get them to you . Thanks . --Sally
Anthony: It's after 5:00 today and apparently the break out by project for ENW IT Development Capital is still outstanding from Rob . Although we have missed our commitment to get restated ( and fully footing ) info back to Dan Leff and Wade Stubblefield today , I think that we need to be able to follow through on this tomorrow . This is just one of a number of budget meetings that we are having to prepare for as Net Works , and it would be great to get one of these packages finished . Jenny: Can Ken get this wrapped up today so that we can finalize all of this tomorrow . We will just move today's plans -restated pages to you , Beth Apollo , and Anthony by noon and , with your sign off , distribution of revised packet by afternoon - to Thursday . Thanks . --Sally
Realistically , only the trading support provided for straight-forward gas and power trading makes sense to consider in a cost per transaction mode . I would say that the only part of IT Development costs that could be considered in that would be the system maintenance costs and maybe the licensing fees . Capital projects don't make sense on a cost per transaction basis - should be looked at as individual discreet costs that the business unit sponsor and ENW agree upon . While we could come up with a methodology for cost per transaction , I still have concerns about this on a lot of levels . Frankly , the relationship between the book administrators and traders is just as collaborative as the EOL relationship . If we are boxed into a cost per transaction , then whenever John Lavorato or the traders ask for a different view of data or an ad hoc analysis of P&L , we would need to discuss this as a change order and price accordingly . Practically speaking , there is not one of the ad hoc trader requests that isn't needed yesterday , and stopping to negotiate whether the request is in or out of scope and additional pricing would probably get me and my risk team fired ! I also have a big concern over pushing the envelope on an arms length service arrangement . I will have trouble recruiting and retaining the best people . The guys on my operations team honestly work every day with the business goals of EA in mind . They work hard to insure success for EA . That is what John and Louise should want . Push us back too far and no one will like the results if we don't have people fully dedicated to and feeling a part of the business to which they provide support . It is kind of ironic . I think that Enron is pleased with how I've managed operations , and one of my goals when I took the role a few years back was to create a true team between commerical and my operations team to make sure that this works for Enron . I have some really good people who are very motivated , and a big part of that is my commitment to have operations viewed as an integral part of the team at EA , EGM , EIM , etc . We had to work hard to achieve that , but we've gotten there for the most part . So how odd it is to me that now some people want to undo what has been a major contributor to the success that we have had . EES is reeling right now partly because they have never recognized the value of creating a good operations team , nor did they approach operations as an integral part of managing their business in full . And now I have been asked to help correct that . Makes you kind of wonder.. . I am fully supportive of running operations ( and ENW ) like a business , with a critical eye toward delivering value effectively . When I first took this role I told my team that at that time we were the service provider of circumstance and that the goal was to move to a feeling that we were the service provider of choice . A component of this is definitely striving for lower costs and higher value delivered . We can continue to improve on this , but going too far may produce the wrong answer for Enron . --Sally
I may have zapped some of these updates from John since he has started this . May be good in our budget review meeting on Monday with Louise to have all of these updates in hand - and any documentation that you all may have kept on performance issues prior to John starting this update process - as back up for maintenance and capital dollars to be spent on Unify in 2002 to improve performance and reliability . Can one of you get all of these updates ? Thanks . --Sally
Thanks for the updates . When we had the problem with the server resynchronization , did someone from the Infrastructure team alert you ahead of time that they were going to do this during normal business hours , or did you have to be the detective to determine the cause once the problem was at hand . Let me know . Thanks . --Sally
If I were you , I would talk to Wanda and let her know that Ken is the point person as it relates to currently handling this matter and that we will trust that she will keep him fully informed and involved . We are glad that she is there to provide some continuity on historical data , but all historical data and forward actions must be confirmed with Ken . Let me know if you would like me to underscore this with Wanda , and I will be glad to . Might be a good idea to send a note to Dave , Janet and Dan stating that legal has named Wanda as the point person , but that for appropriate continuity and execution that Ken must be fully involved - and that you have asked Wanda to make that part of her responsibility . Copy Wanda on the note . --Sally
These are Monday dates . With the original date being October 2 , a Tuesday , I just wanted to double check the dates with you . Unfortunately , neither date works for me . I am taking the day off on the 8th - Meagan has a school holiday and we will be in Dallas for Mustang Monday at SMU . The program there ends at 3:00 or 4:00 in the afternoon , and we will have driven to Dallas , so I can't make it work to be in Austin that evening . And on the 15th , I have a monthly National Charity League meeting . As president-elect , I am trying to make all of the meetings . If it turns out that the intent was a Tuesday night meeting , the 9th or the 16th would work - 16th being the best because we will be in Austin for interviews ! --Sally
Always nice to see positive things . Thought I'd share this with you . --Sally
Thanks for the note and your words of encouragement . It is exciting to work on something that helps build a strong franchise for Enron . I appreciate the opportunity of being a part of that . --Sally
Please put on my calendar . Thanks .
Wednesday is out for me , but Thursday , October 18 and Friday , October 19 both work . I will tentatively hold both days until I hear back from you . Thanks . --Sally Also , great job on organizing the CHF event . I thoroughly enjoyed it , and the people I met and the discussion that we had have certainly created a lot of food for thought . I am in the midst of budgets this week , but will check with you next week on getting our boys together .
Thanks . Sorry , we had to cut one hour down to 15 minutes . Lots of time on budgets - still continuing this week . What I would really like is a 15 minute download from an appropriate member of the Doorstep Team within a few days of their return from each review . My goal is to stay informed on an on-going basis , not quarterly or by bunching several of these together . If there are some concerns , I need to know right away . Executive management will assume that I am staying informed on a timely basis , and that should be the reality . The "i's" don't have to be dotted nor the "t's" crossed on the report in order to have this download meeting . It is also highly likely that someone from the business location that has been doorstepped , will engage in a conversation with me . I want to be prepared so that I am knowledgeable about the key points from each review , so that I can respond appropriately .  Thanks . --Sally
Thought I'd pass this comment along from Beverly ! --Sally
John is keeping us updated on Unify production problems , which unfortunately occur rather frequently . When he cited the reason for performance issues in his orginal e-mail message below , I asked him whether or not the Unify team was aware ahead of time that the server resynchronization was being handled during normal business hours . Here is his response . I bring this to your attention not to create an issue , but rather to solve one . I know that everyone is incredibly busy , but with so many interdepencies here we have to stay closely coordinated . I know that EOL has a dedicated member of your team who is always on point and knowledgeable about infrastructure issues that could or do touch EOL . Is there anyone assigned from your team for a similar role with our critical operating systems ? Because of nomination deadlines and the exchange of information with external parties for Unify , it can create real exposure ( dollar exposure and PR exposure ) if Unify's performance is impaired . Let me know if you can assign someone from the infrastructure team that can wear the responsiblity of staying in step with Unify . Thanks . --Sally
FYI -Sally
Thanks for keeping me posted . --Sally
Rick: Thanks for the information on the task at hand regarding operational risk . We will certainly name an appropriate person from Operations to be involved in this project , and will work with you to help in achieving your objectives . There doesn't appear to be anyone from ETS on your distribution list . Operational risk is broad and would seem to be present in all of Enron's businesses . Is the initial focus simply on the "wholesale businesses" , or is there an intent to make this enterprise-wide ? I suspect that it would be helpful for all of us on the distribution list to have a context for the way in which you see this RAC initiative complementing , replacing , overlapping , or perhaps duplicating the work of EAS , AA's internal audit engagement , the critical self assessment process being piloted in London this year by the operations team in conjuction with the AA audits , Doorstep reviews , current operational risk reporting done by the various operations teams , and our major initiatives for EES tracked every other Thursday with you and Rick Causey . Before we each choose our appropriate representatives from our respective areas , it might be constructive to cover this in a kick-off meeting with the addressees on your memo . I might also suggest that we work to clearly define roles and responsibilities at the beginning of this project . The creation of a framework for quantifying enterprise-wide operational risk is perhaps different from the implementation of daily processes or systems that are used at the business unit levels . As on other policies devised by RAC , it would seem that implementation of anything new to meet reporting requirements against the to-be-developed operational risk policy should rest with the appropriate business unit/functional area outside RAC . The cross-functional team that will be formed is probably best used to give input to RAC in creating the policy , but may not necessarily be the right body for implementation of specific initiatFinally , the second bullet point in Wanda's list below is already being addressed through the project that you and I agreed upon in August to insure that information from all source systems to RisktRAC is complete , accurate and efficiently handled . As you and I discussed , this is a global effort spanning all commodities/all locations/all source systems . We have formed a steering committee with appropriate project managers and have worked closely with Debbie Brackett in defining the scope , approach , key milestones , resource requirements and projected timeline ( Project Greenlight) . A team of stakeholders from Operations , IT and Debbie Brackett will meet tomorrow in order to review the project plan with David Port and Bill Bradford for final input . My assistant is working with yours to set up a meeting then for Debbie and me to review the work done to date and to review the proposed plan and timeline . Assuming that you are comfortable with Project Greenlight when we review the details with you , I think that it would be appropriate to take this item off of the Wanda's list . We can certainly update the cross-functional team on efforts underway , but there is no need for a new team to focus on this bullet point . Sally
Thanks , Rosalee . I have forwarded the information to Jenny Rub with our IT infrastructure group . --Sally
My hot buttons for operations would be recruiting , career development and resource planning . Before I simply make assignments , let me canvas my direct reports to be certain that we are assigning those with passion around these areas . My staff meeting will be tomorrow at 9:00 . I will get back with you on volunteers and also to either reaffirm or alter the hot buttons that I mentioned . --Sally
Here it is.. . Christina
Please print for Sally . Thanks , Christina
Please give to Mike ASAP for meeting with Sally that's occuring NOW.. . Thanks , Christina
Thanks for your note . I am wearing my longhorn shirt in the office today so that my affiliation for tomorrow's game is clear ! Let's hope for reveral of last year's score . Hope that 2nd year is going well . I will be in touch in the next few days on details for a dinner with Dean May and the Enron scholarship winners later in October . --Sally
Can you get me a color copy of this document ? Thanks .
Can I get a color copy printed ? Thanks . --Sally
Please check to see which reports will be reviewed in this meeting . I have forwarded a few to you today to have printed in color . If there are some reports to be reviewed that we don't have , can you get copies of those for me ? I want to take a look at them before the Oct . 10th meeting . Thanks . --Sally
I have had my head buried in budgets and am just now coming up for air ! Congratulations on your new role . With your most recent experience in Investor Relations , I know that you will do a great job in communicating with Enron's Board . Best of luck in your new role . --Sally
When: Friday , October 5 , 2001 1:30 PM-2:30 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . rescheduled from Oct . 1 , 2001 to Oct . 5 2001 same time and location ( different date )
Our invitation to all Analysts and Associates to attend our meeting paid off with at least one ! --Sally
The 2002 Enron Net Works budget will for the first time combine allocations to business units for four key services: Enron Online , IT Infrastructure , Risk Management Operations and IT Maintenance and Development . We are providing a level of detail for expense and capital spend that is greater than that provided in past years , and that will allow business units to make informed choices regarding the services that they receive . We are meeting with individual business unit Offices of the Chair to review in detail the four service areas delivered through Enron Net Works . Some of these meetings have been completed and more will occur between now and October 12 . Please keep the following points in mind as we work with you to finalize budget: Enron Networks today is very different from this time last year . Additions to the 2002 ENW budget are Operations for EA , EIM and EGM . Operations , IT Maintenance and Development , and IT Infrastructure for EES and EBS have been included under the ENW umbrella for the first time in the 2002 budget as well . The 2001 budgets for these functions were approved and included in individual business units last year . Any comparison of ENW's 2002 versus 2001 budget must be appropriately adjusted for these organizational changes to be relevant . For further detail for each business unit , ENW's 2002 expense and capital dollars are organized to mirror each business unit's lines of business ( products or commodities ) in order to create a transparent view at a more granular level of the costs involved in supporting each of the lines of business . The detail that is being provided to business units for IT costs delineates licensing fees , system maintenance costs and new development costs . Detail on each IT development project identifies the purpose , business sponsor , line of business , "in progress" or "planned" designation , expense and capital spend , system impacted , and estimated completion date . In order to finalize IT project budgets , decisions will be required from the business units on which projects to undertake in 2002 . If you have questions about the ENW budgets as we are working with you to finalize them , please call one of us . Greg Piper Sally Beck Mark Pickering
I participated last weekend in the Leadership Forum for Fall 2001 of the Center for Houston's Future . I wanted to thank you for recommending me as a member of the Forum . I thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to meet so many interesting , talented members of the Houston community . I know that I will enjoy working with the group during our second session , November 1-3 , as well as collaborating on some "homework" assignments that we will complete between now and then . I especially am excited about the possibilities of making an impact on Houston's future through developing both relationships and action steps through my association with the Center . Thanks again for making this opportunity available to me . --Sally Beck
Thanks , too , for getting my name in front of Ken ! --Sally
Thanks , Joannie . Sorry I didn't see it the first time around ! --Sally
A backup seat and a backup computer have been assigned to you . Please read this communication in detail . Purpose: Net Works has developed a backup plan for possible work stoppages after moving to the new building . A wider business continuity plan will be rolled out next year . Location: Large areas of the 30th and 31st floors of the current building , Enron Center North , will be set aside for recovery purposes . Your name has been put on the list and you will be notified once the seat assignments are finalized . Locations will also be posted at the entryways on the 30th and 31st floors . Timing . Through November , backup seats assignments will be announced as each trading group moves to the new building . The backup seats will be available at least to January 1st . Testing . Test times to try the backup PC and to familiarize yourself with your backup location will be announced by the IT team as the locations are finished . Telephones . Only regular phones will be available . For those with speed dial phones , the IT team will download the numbers and leave them on a piece of paper at your seat assignment . Because the numbers change frequently , we ask that you rely on keeping track of the numbers yourself and use the number lists as a last resort . Other supplies . The IT team is not responsible for non-technical or special needs . If you rely on hard copy forms , address books , etc , you will need to be sure to leave appropriate supplies when you test the computer , or bring supplies along if you are asked to move to your backup seat . Limited Access . The backup floor is not meant as a backup day-to-day work environment . To keep the equipment functioning and secure , we plan to limit access except for test times and if we need to invoke the plan because of a work stoppage . Escalation Procedures . The plan will be as follows: I . During regular business hours A . Announcement . You will be notified via the PA system if you need to move to the backup location . -OR- B . No Announcement . If an obvious problem like a fire or power shutdown occurs , for example , all personnel with a seat assignment will be expected to make their way to their backup seat without notification . II . After hours For after hours issues , greeters will announce the move to the backup location as people arrive to work . E-mails and voice mails will also be distributed .
SInce you unfortunately made an unnecessary trip into the office yesterday during your vacation , I assume that you are perhaps out of the office today finishing that vacation . I am certainly looking for your list of additional items/projects that you believe need to be added to or made more explicit in the draft document for Project Greenlight . I have rescheduled a meeting with Rick Buy for next Friday , October 12 at 11:30 . I hope that you will be able to attend . I want to be certain that we have enough time to review your comments and concerns , reconvene the appropriate group of steering committee members and/or project managers , and make any necessary changes or additions to the document before that meeting . I will be out of the office on Monday , taking Meagan to SMU for Mustang Monday - it's her one day off this fall for a teacher in-service day and nicely enough coincides with a scheduled day at SMU for high school seniors to visit . I will be checking my e-mails when I get home that night , however . Sally
In a word - no . ENW budgets have already been submitted to Corp as well . There are allocations from ENW to Corp for IT Infrastructure ( primarily headcount driven ) and IT Maintenance and Development , and I will be reviewing these with Rick Causey . The largest portion of our ENW costs are allocated to EA , EGM , EIM , and EES . It is these business units primarily with whom we are meeting to share the level of detail discussed in my memo . These business units already have in hand an allocation billing for 2002 from ENW . Our meetings at a greater level of detail may result in some changes to the ENW budget , as business units understand more detail around the cost structures for supporting certain lines of business and certain IT development costs . When I explained our budgeting process to Rick Causey , he had suggested that I share that with everyone on the Management Committee . Some members are more directly impacted the the ENW budget than others . --Sally
Kevin , thanks for getting back to me with names so promptly . Everyone on the list will be an asset on this effort . --Sally
Best day is October 26 . Could make October 25 work . October 24 and November 1 will not work for me . --Sally Beck
Thanks to those of you who attended the ENW all-employee meeting today . It was great to see Brent , Bob and Kevin upfront and center . All of you must have done a great job in reminding , encouraging , arm-twisting or forcing your teams to attend , because the ballroom was full ! A morning meeting means that our logistics schedulers can't attend . So we have reserved EBN 5C2 for Friday , October 12 from 2:00 to 3:00 so that we can show the videos and walk through the slides with the schedulers . If a few others who missed today's meeting want to join , there should be room . Thanks for the feedback so far on staff members to participate with Melissa Becker on one of the follow-ups from Causey's offsite - Attracting and Retaining Good People . If you still have someone from your staff that would like to participate , please send me their names by Tueday next week . Golf on Monday , November 19 ? Let me know early next week if you would like for a foursome from your team ( could certainly include you! ) to play in the afternoon tournament at Raveneaux Country Club . If you have some team members who have worked hard on a project or put in some unusually long hours for you , this could be a nice reward . Did I mention that David is in charge of this tournament ? I will be out of the office on Monday , October 8 . Meagan and I will be in Dallas for Mustang Monday at SMU . I hope that the streets will be ORANGE when I get there . I will have my cell phone with me , if anything critical comes up . I will be back in the office on Tuesday . Have a great weekend ! --Sally
Thanks for owning the question and sending me your ideas . I agree that some sort of planned rotation for experienced hires could be beneficial to the company and to the employees . I have another week or so of living the 2002 budgets , and then I will be able to do other things ! I am saving your note , and will get in touch with you after that to talk about your ideas in more detail . I am copying my assistant on this note so that she can schedule a time for us to get together . --Sally
This is the memo crafted by Andrew Parsons that was sent to the traders last week regarding their back-up spots on the 30th floor of ECN during the remainder of the construction in ECS . You and Greg were copied on the original send of this memo . --Sally
We would like to honor you as recepients of the 2001-2002 Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships at a dinner in Austin on Tuesday , October 16 at The Josephine House at 7:00 pm . .  Dean May and other members of the staff and faculty of the McComb Business School will be in attendance , as well as several of us from Enron . We would like to include your spouse , where applicable . Please send me a return e-mail to let me know if you will be available on October 16 . As soon as I hear back from you , we will finalize details and e-mail an invitation to you with appropriate details . Feel free to call me as well , if you have any questions . My direct number at Enron is 713-853-5926 and my home number ( best after 7:30 pm ) is 281-370-8568 . --Sally
We are looking forward to dinner with you and other faculty members on Tuesday , October 16 as we honor the three students who are the recipients of the 2001-2002 Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships . We have booked The Josephine House once again . I wanted to confirm several details with you . 1 ) Cocktails at 7:00 pm; Dinner at 7:30 pm --Do these times work for you ? 2 ) Last year's invitees from UT included the following: Associate Dean Philip Zerrillo philip.zerrillo@bus.utexas.edu Assistant Dean Britt Freund brittf@mail.utexas.edu Dr . George Gau ggau@mail.utexas.edu Dr . Beverly Hadaway hadawayb@mail.utexas.edu Dr . Linda Golden mkllg@mail.utexas.edu Mr . Eloy Garcia eloy.garcia@bus.utexas.edu Would you like to make any changes or additions to this list for the dinner ? If so , please let me know the changes and appropriate e-mail addresses as necessary . I will update you later in the week with the list of Enron attendees and the names of the students and their spouses , as applicable . I look forward to seeing you again at the dinner . I have enjoyed being involved in the interview process for selecting the scholarship recipients for the last three years , and I especially appreciate the opportunity for Enron and the University to jointly recognize these deserving students . Please call me with any questions regarding the dinner . Sally White Beck Chief Operating Officer Enron Net Works LLC
Dinner is still on for Tuesday , October 16 with Dean May and the three scholarship recipients . One student , Holland Brown , will join us a little late , as she has class until 8:00 pm . I sent a note to Dean May reconfirming the dinner and the time ( 7:00 cocktails and 7:30 dinner) . Seven other faculty/staff members are included on the invitation list , although I am awaiting a response from Dean May on any changes or additions to that list of UT attendees . I have booked The Josephine House again - yes , third year in a row , but it has worked well and hopefully those of us who are yearly attendees don't mind the repeat ! You , Brent and I took the the scholarship winners to Sullivan's late in the spring . Planned invitees from Enron are you , me , and Brent , plus the two others who interviewed candidates for the scholarships - Loftis Fitzwater ( one of the first year winners ) and Andrea Reed . Roger Ondrecko was the fourth interviewer , but is obviously not included . Others that we could include are Billy Lemmons , as AA program head , Ben Glissan , as the MBA executive lead for UT , and Christy Patrick from University Affairs ( frankly , though , I haven't been able to get University Affairs remotely interested in this event , even though Karen Marshall on their staff last year planned the dinner) . Per your note , we could certainly include anyone else who may be helping us with interviews at UT . Lexi says she will be busy that night making phone calls for 2nd round interviews , and she plans to have our analysts go to dinner with our summer interns who are back on campus . Checking the list of "more senior" interviewers who could be included for dinner , it looks like Beth Apollo , Randy Petersen , Hunter Shively , and Greg Piper . Lexi has checked with Wes about interviewing - he can't do it . She is waiting for calls back from Mike Deville and Mark Lindsey . Who would you like to include from Enron at the dinner from the names in bold above ? --Sally
I am glad that you will be able to join us . Yes , we are planning on cocktails first and then dinner . I am waiting for a response back from Dean May to confirm the time - tentatively set for 7:00 cocktails and 7:30 dinner . We can probably either officially slip this schedule back by a half hour to 7:30 and 8:00 , or unofficially stretch this to work with your schedule . We would be happy to have your husband join us as well . Let me know whether to expect one or both of you . --Sally
McKinsey: I read their letter - pretty good recap of where we are today . Todd Busby and I would like to meet with you regarding his assessment of market potential and internal trade-offs relative to that . Would make most sense for the three of us to do that before having any further conversations with McKinsey . What I know is that McKinsey can be very expensive to work with . We would have to feel revenue opportunities would be very strong in order to commit to spend dollars with McKinsey . Staff Meeting Attendees: Will Alan Sommers now attend the Thursday Net Works staff meeting ? Does he know about it for this week ? Have we made any decisions on the purpose and make-up of that meeting ? We are including Mark's directs on IT , but not their counter parts in Operations . Including operations would make that meeting too big , so I am not necessarily suggesting that . Just trying to rationalize the meetings that we want to have . ( FYI - In Causey's staff meeting today , Alan mentioned that the move of the ISC under Net Works was announced within Net Works - and spread - before Causey or Alan announced this to the people in the ISC . Creates a bit of a bumpy start . Causey is still very much in favor of this move - he did share with me last week 3 things that he will be looking for to insure that this move is smooth and yields the results desired, . I can share those with you . Causey has explicitly covered the 3 items with Mark in agreeing to the transition. ) Budgets: After meeting with Whalley last week , should we consider coming to the table as Net Works with a reduction in budgeted dollars ( expense and capital ) of 10% or so ? That has not been our goal to date , but maybe it should be , given the stretch that Greg is trying to make . Might also bode well with all of the business units to which we are allocating if we could say that we took a hard look and made those reductions ourselves . I have some ideas on how we might get there . Let me know - we would need to get that done this week . --Sally
I realize that the timing of the Enron Net Works All Employee Meeting last Friday made it difficult for the Gas Logistics Team to attend . For future all-employee events within ENW , we will try to schedule times that work best for all employees . I didn't want you to be left out in this case , so I have worked with Bob Superty to set up another meeting for the Logistics team so that we can share with you the information that was covered last Friday . I hope that you will be able to join me for this second meeting . We have two videos that were made for the all-employee meeting that I think you will enjoy seeing . We will also review the slides that were used in the discussions and have time for questions and answers . Friday , October 12 2:00 to 3:00 PM Sally W . Beck Chief Operating Officer Enron Net Works , LLC
That would be great if you have time . If you run out of time , we can wing it in lavendar . Thanks . --Sally
I have an ENW budget review meeting with EGM ( McConnell and Shankman ) set for 1:30 to 2:30 on October 15th . My intent had been to join Rick's meeting at the halfway point at 2:30 under the original schedule . With the time change of Rick's meeting to a 1:30 start , I will now miss his meeting . Please let him know that I will be in the budget review meeting with EGM during that time period . Thanks . --Sally
Can the travel agency send these things to you ? --Sally
Can you keep a running list of attendees and RSVP's ? Thanks .
Absolutely , we would enjoy having Angela Dorsey join us for dinner . I am glad that you made the suggestion . Please extend the invitation to her now so that she can reserve the date on her calendar , and if you will send me her e-mail address we will send her an invitation as well . Thanks for the congratulations . Yes , the title is an new one - announced just a few weeks ago . I look forward to seeing you next Tuesday evening . --Sally
Attached is an invitation to attend a dinner hosted by Enron to honor this year's recipients of the Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships . This is Enron's third year to award scholarships to three outstanding students in their second year of the MBA program . One of the highlights to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to recognize the students . Dean May will be in attendance , as well as other faculty members from the business school , including Ehud Ronn , Director of UT's Center for Energy Finance and Research . Since each of you will be in Austin to interview on campus on Tuesday , or will be arriving Tuesday to interview on Wednesday , I hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday , October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm . Please RSVP to me by Friday . I will send you a complete list of attendees on Monday . Call me if you have any questions . --Sally
Through Friday , October 12 at 5:00 pm I will be in ECN 2748 . I will move to ECS over the weekend , so if you do not get my packet to me before 5:00 on Friday , please call my assistant ( Christina Valdez x39106 ) to get my new location for Monday .
What is it that Oxley is looking for in the ENW PRC report that you mentioned ?
Is this the staff meeting for next Thursday , October 18th ? I will be here that day . --Sally
Per my voice mail , Wanda is still the lead on this initiative . From our conversation in your office , I had assumed that this would change . Apparently has not to date . Rick Buy and I are scheduled to get together tomorrow for an hour . My intent had been to review operational risk reports and information with him and to suggest an approach for meeting his objectives . He has added Wanda , Debbie Brackett , Bill Bradford and David Port to the tomorrow's meeting since our first point of discussion will be a joint project that Rick and I are sponsoring . Unless he pairs down the group in tomorrow's meeting after our first topic , I doubt that we will be able to discuss follow up on our conversation in your office regarding operational risk . --Sally
The last message in this trail is McMahon's note to the Management Committee members regarding allocations and an attached spreadsheet with his proposed acceptance of allocations . Just FYI . I met with Kent Castleman yesterday to get a feel for the areas where McMahon has questions regarding our Net Works budget . I will pass those along to Brad , Jenny , and Beth today , and will copy you two on that note . Bowen has already reviewed Kevin Sweeney's budget for Operations . Kevin reduced his direct costs by $1MM relative to the original budget submitted , and Kent says that Jeff and Ray are fine with that one now . I don't anticipate much conversation around that on Monday . --Sally
Our meeting with EIM is set for Monday , October 12th from 9:00 to 10:30 . Ray Bowen has already reviewed the operations budget with Kevin Sweeney - Ray just initiated that meeting himself with Kevin one day last week , spur of the moment . But that is the only meeting regarding ENW budgets that has taken place . I have been working with Kent Castleman ( EIM's CAO ) since last week to arrange our meeting now set for Monday . I think that by "agreed plan" , McMahon just means that is the amount that at this point EIM is saying they are willing to take . --Sally
What's the story on this one ? Who can best answer the four questions posed by Wanda ? How soon can we have answers ? Interestingly , I have a 4:00 PM meeting today with Rick Buy , David Port , Wanda Curry , Bill Bradford and Debbie Brackett ( rescheduled from last Friday re: Project Greenlight , due to Buy's schedule) . I would like to be more informed than they are at 4:00 . Thanks . --Sally
Thanks for forwarding the note to me . I have asked Shona and Brent to get back with me on answers to your questions . Shona's team did move this weekend to ECS ( as did I) , and I am not sure how much additional chaos this has added to her life for today ! I will follow up with her mid -afternoon on details . I agree with you that this serves as a good case study - underscores indeed that we need to start some of the projects under Project Greenlight instead of continuing to document problems . By definition , to arrive at complete and accurate transfer daily of information from all source systems to RisktRAC , we must know the universe of all books and spreadsheets . --Sally
Probably should have sent this to you as well as Brent . --Sally
The following individuals from The University of Texas at Austin have agreed to join us honoring Enron/UT MBA Scholar Recipients Holland Brown , Christopher Cashman , and Soo Pang Tang: Dean Bob May , McComb School of Business Dr . Linda Golden , Professor of Marketing Dr . Ehud Ronn , Director of Energy Finance Dr . Angela Dorsey , Assistant Director of Energy Finance Dr . Beverly Hadaway , Director of EDS Financial Trading & Technical Center See you there ! Sally
Please print a color copy for me . Thanks . Also , forward to Bob Hall - I can never be sure that attachments forward correctly . Thanks . --Sally
RE: Golf Tournament at Ravenaux Country Club , Monday , November 19th 11:00 am Registration and Range Balls; 12:00 Noon Shotgun Start Please send me the list players for each foursome , along with their handicaps and phone numbers by Friday this week ? Thanks . Will provide more information for all players prior to tournament . Foursomes Beth Apollo ( 2): EES and Global Services Brent Price ( 1 ) Kevin Sweeney ( 1 ) Bob Hall ( 2): Risk and Logistics Chantelle: Brent has given me names of players for his foursome - Brent , Scott Earnest; John Swinney and Frank Prejean . Can you get handicaps and phone numbers ( Enron ) for me ? Thanks .
To give you more free time on the weekend.. . Shona: Does this impact you ? Does anyone in your group plan to be in over the weekend ?
Since I was undecided on this meeting , I did not RSVP . You may have already done so for me . I do want to let them know that I plan to attend now . Thanks . --Sally I do see Piper on the invitation list .
Is this for all assistants within ENW ? How many are there ? I would certainly be glad to split the cost with Mark and Greg . --Sally
I will be there . I will fill you and Mark in on what we hear . --Sally
Thanks for the info , Bob . I will get you more details on the tournament in early November . --Sally
Thanks , Jeff . I will get you more info for you and your team in early November . --Sally
I am going to miss the reception on Sunday evening and interviews on Monday . I will arrive on Monday night and will interview on Tuesday . Look forward to seeing you then . --Sally
Do you want to have Jenny Rub join us for this budget meeting to review IT Infrastructure costs ? She owns that piece of the ENW budget . Let me know . Another option is that Anthony and I could cover those costs , with the option to contact Jenny if more detail is required . --Sally
Thanks for taking the lead on this . Let me know if I can help . --Sally
Tuesday - 10:00 to 12:00 - is the all-employee meeting at the Hyatt . Given negative publicity over the last several days and the dramatic market reaction ( stock price today down to $20) , the meeting tomorrow should be well attended and I would expect that the questions will be quite candid . MD's had a meeting this morning with Lay , Whalley and Frevert , and we made suggestions on what should be covered in the all-employee meeting . I have dropped out of my recruiting trip to Oklahoma tomorrow so that I can be present at the Hyatt meeting . Since Mark and Greg are both travelling , I think that it is important to both Ken Lay and employees for us to have a visible prescence at the meeting . As a follow up , I am pulling together a group of senior leaders within ENW at noon for an informal lunch ( in the conference room without door handles!) . We will discuss what we heard at the all-employee meeting and how to anticipate employee questions and deal with the possibililty of low morale . I will stress the importance of visible , consistant leadership at this time , and will ask all to do their part on this . I discussed this with Greg Piper this morning , and he suppports this effort . Who do you want to have attend the lunch folllow-up meeting ? I need to send a note ASAP today to get this on everyone's calendar . Beth Perlman suggested that we included Senior Directors and above . Are you two okay with this ? --Sally
This is mid-day info from EOL trades today , compared to a full day recap for the same time last month . We can recap for you at end of day , if you would like . We chose counterparties that execute energy derivative transactions via EOL who have debt ratings that are higher than those of Enron . We can give you a complete recap at end of day . Bill Bradford in Credit would be the likely party to be fielding questions from counterparties on credit questions . If you have not talked with him , I would suggest that you do so . Sally W . Beck Chief Operating Officer Enron Net Works LLC
I will be at the Hyatt tomorrow for the all-employee meeting and I hope that each one of you will plan to attend as well . Certainly with current press coverage and market reaction last week and today , there will be many questions for Ken , Greg and Mark to address tomorrow . It will be important for all of us as members of the senior leadership team of ENW to be familiar with tomorrow's discussion at the all-employee meeting . To provide a follow-up opportunity to discuss what we hear in tomorrow's all-employee meeting , I invite you to attend an informal lunch meeting with me in ECS 4990 beginning at 12:00 noon . This will give us the chance to clarify what we have heard and to collectively anticipate the reactions and additional questions that employees may have . It will be important particularly now to be visible and accessible to our teams . --Sally Please let Christina Valdez know today ( x39106 or e-mail ) if you will be at lunch on Tuesday so that we can place an order .
It's about 6:45 pm right now - I need to spend 15 minutes or so on open items on my desk , then I will be headed home . Commute takes about 35 minutes this time of night . Try me in the car about 7:15 pm tonight and I can fill you in during my commute . Feel free to call me at home tonight as well . Best after 9:30 pm - 281-370-8568 . Other option will be during my commute tomorrow morning . Try me in the car about 7:15 am . --Sally
Robin: Several people gave me ad requests for the November newsletter . I have had a crazy day at the office - should actually have been travelling to OU to interview students today . Here are the ad contents . I will try to call you on my way home and see if it is convenient to drop by the forms and the money . In case I miss you , here are the contents: Ashley Stone Congratulations on being voted "Wittiest" at Klein . We always knew you were ! Love , Mom , Dad and Stefani Congratulations ! Pam Martin National Merit Commended Student Love , Mom and Dad Happy 17th Birthday Kim ( her mom didn't put a last name , but we may want to - I am blank , she is the daughter of Barbara ? ????? , our historian ) With love and friendship' Vivian and Lori Young Happy 13th Birthday Chelsey Klingsporn ( check spelling of name in directory - her mom paid for ad , but did not fill out a pink slip ) Love , Mom and Dad Other newsletter items: Nancy Ramsey wanted to mention that sympathy goes out to Theresa and ( her daughter's name? ) on the death of their mother-in-law and grandmother There will be a food drive for TEAM and NAM at the December tea - Claire Loria was to check with philanthropy chairs to find out if certain items would be needed by the TEAM and NAM food pantries - did she send you that detail ? --Sally
Information forwarded below indicates that through October 22 , we have not seen a drop off in deal counts executed through EnronOnline for derivatives trading . Please let me know if you need additional information . --Sally Beck ( x35926 )
I will mail the checks and money to Barb . There was one other item that I was going to deliver to you . One of the women who had prepared snacks for the last general meeting turnedin the recipe for her pumpkin dip . She said that many people were asking her for it , and if we had room , maybe we could publish it in the newsletter . I told her that we would have to see how much official material we have from the chapter and if we wind up with a needed "filler" . Let me know if you do need a filler , and I can send the recipe via an attachment . Feel free to call me at work - 713-853-5926 . I have the recipe in my briefcase . Glad Nancy got back to you on the food drive - or lack there of ! At fall regional training , I attended a Communications session - they provided a list by month of desired national information ( from the national website ) to be included in our newsletters . Had planned to drop that off as well . I am still at home right now , but I can fax that to you when I get to the office a little later . Thanks again for all of your hard work!! ! --Sally
Pumpkin recipe dip attached . Absolutely - I would love for you to continue on the newsletter for next year . Perhaps you would consider being the official Editor for next year ? That is the job that you are really doing ! Meagan sent her application in to OU today . It's one of four schools to which she will apply , so nothing definitive yet . But it is nice to get one out the door ! --Sally My assistant is faxing the two pages regarding news from national .
If you can make a call from where you are , let mw know and I will give you a download on both the all-employee meeting and our lunch meeting . --Sally Feel free also to call me during my commute home tonight ( 613-417-1591 ) or at home tonight ( 281-370-8568) . Happy birthday tomorrow ! --Sally
EIM's budget meeting with Lay/Whalley/Frevert has been moved from Wednesday , October 24 to Monday , November 5 . Kerry Roper sent you an e-mail message today with revised dates for budget reviews . McMahon is out of town today , and Ray Bowen's preference is to push the review of our revised ENW budget for EIM back to Wednesday ( tomorrow) . I am coordinating with Kent Castleman on this meeting with Ray and will give you an update tomorrow after the meeting with Ray . Kent believes that our current allocations are now acceptable to EIM . They will okay the current EOL allocation , but are also very interested in the revised allocation methodology . Brent has had to unexpectedly drive to Austin this afternoon to lecture to a class at UT - a Rick Causey commitment that Rick asked Brent to fill today . When Brent is back tomorrow we will regroup on the EGM budget with the intent of sign-off from Mike and Jeff by end of day tomorrow or Thursday . Whalley budget update - I reviewed this with Kerry today . I suggested that on the Whalley recap sheet that we footnote that numbers were as of 10/22/01 , and represented final agreement on EA charges , and revised charges ( subject to final sign-off ) for EIM . The footnote should also say final reviews with EES and EGM are expected this week , so ENW charges to those business units are still preliminary . I also suggested to Kerry that we footnote for Whalley the break-out and total ( expense and capital ) of budget reductions since our review with Whalley 10 days ago . --Sally
I am so glad that you joined us for dinner , as well . I noticed that the Dean jokingly said that the scholarship checks were "in the mail" . The University does send those checks to the students , so please let me know if you have not received that . It was a pleasure again to visit with you over dinner . Please keep me posted on your plans after graduation . Sally Beck Chief Operating Officer Enron Net Works LLC
Didn't notice this e-mail yesterday! ! --Sally
I got frustrated in trying to put together yesterday's lunch - our list of senior directors and above in Net Works seemed incomplete . I thought that Murray was a senior director , and realized that his name was not on the list . I asked Christina to verify his title and to find out if he was in Houston this week so that he could be included . I didn't understand why he wasn't on the list . Does he report to you ? Hope that I didn't start a series of events that is wrong . I thought that he did report to you and that that had been the case for several months . So I didn't understand why HR's records were not correct . --Sally
I am forwarding this message to you sent to me by Bob Superty . Bob is the director of Gas Logistics for Enron Americas , and attended the lunch meeting that I held yesterday . I asked all in attendance to let me know if they had ideas on things that could be done to improve employee morale . I can always count on Bob to give thoughtful consideration to this type of request . Here are his ideas . Some of these I can orchestrate for my operations team and the broader Enron Net Works employee base . Some of these suggestions could impact a broader base of employees . I would be happy to lead any or all of these efforts on an Enron-wide basis is you think that would be appropriate . I could certainly use some help , however . You may already have a venue for this , but maybe it would be a good idea to put together a small team of interested individuals ( like Bob Superty ) who could make suggestions in the short run on ideas that could improve employee morale . Not a formalized committee , and not even one that would have to be announced or publicized . Just an ad hoc group to make a difference now . Maybe this doesn't have to be corporate wide . Maybe each business unit could put together an ad hoc group , if they feel that it is appropriate for their business unit , and maybe these various ad hoc groups could just share ideas . This might be even more effective with buy-in and initiative from the business units , rather than the feel of a corporate overlay . As I am typing , I am thinking that maybe we will pilot this in Enron Net Works and simply share what we are doing with others . Your thoughts ? --Sally
In the lunch meeting that I held yesterday , I asked all in attendance to let me know if they had ideas on ways to improve employee morale at present . I can always count on Bob Superty to give thoughtful consideration to this type of request - and to act ! Here are his ideas . My thought is to get together an informal team ( doesn't even have to be announced or publicized ) to continue to generate ideas that could make a difference to employee morale right now and to make some of these things happen . Any thoughts ? --Sally
Data only: Enron Board met this morning; afternoon management committee meeting had been planned for today beginning at 2:30; that afternoon session postponed; short meeting with management committee was held an hour ago . Call me later if you want details . --Sally
Major budget focus for today beginning in a few minutes is to have our act together for the Delainey/Dietrich EES review tomorrow - Anthony Dayao , Beth Apollo and Kerry Roper will join me for a walk through . Finalizing EIM budget will likely not get done today . Can give you the details on why later today . Will become obvious . Just meet with Shankman and McConnell . Not ready to finalize EGM budget yet . They say that their commercial guys are waiting for Jeff Johnson to get with them on details of IT development projects . I think that Jeff has been out for a few days , but I did see him on the 3rd floor when I was down there with Shankman and McConnell . I will leave him a voice mail message to get an update on outstanding issues from his point of view . Jeff and Mike want to have their stuff finalized by Friday . I will convey that timeline to Jeff Johnson . After EES budget prep meeting this afternoon , next tall order of business is expanding our receivables monetization beyond EA to other commodities . High priorty and very short time fuse on this one , for reasons that should be obvious . I will have all of the Operations leads and settlements leads together this afternoon , along with Ramesh Rao and others in IT who may be required to help us extract necessary info . Nice way of telling you , Greg , that I understand your desire for a page of footnotes with budget explanations for Whalley , and that in my opinion that falls at the end of the list behind some of these other things today . I will work with Kerry on this . I can tell you , however , that updates on budgets are not top on anyone's lists today , including Whalley's . We will honor your commitment to get him updated information , and will provide as much detail as possible . Best approach given the state of business today may be to provide him with the high level overview ( that one page of expense and capital) , state where we are in the review process with each business unit , and highlight reductions in expense and capital to date . We can continue to provide updates to Whalley as the EES , EIM , EGM and EBS ( yes , I need to coordinate with Mark P . when he is back on some changes here - confidential at this point) . Don't know how useful detailed footnotes will be for Whalley before we truly finalize the various business unit budgets . --Sally|
Please print message and attachment for me . Thanks . --Sally ( then message can be deleted )
Please print attachement on cashflows for me - then delete my e-mail . Thanks .
Let's talk tomorrow about how we get everyone on the ball and thinking .
Thanks for letting me know about this . I have copied Bob Hall , since he manages daily operations for EA I know that he would want to be aware of critical issues , particularly at this time . I will also use this as an illustration with the rest of my team during a staff meeting tomorrow morning so that my direct reports who manage operations across all commodities will be aware of the potential risks created with manual wires . --Sally
I won't sent this to you daily , but this is what we are providing to Treasury each day . FYI --Sally
In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews , both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year . Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process , we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews , and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues . In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter , one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks . We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002 . Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter . Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3 . I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process , and in your case , the voluntary redundancy program . In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey , sharing with them your concerns . I will let you know the outcome of those conversations . If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year , we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved . -Sally
Please see exchange below . Can you send me current plans - who , when , where and what - for London reviews ? I would put a several day moratorium on contacting London regarding upcoming Doorstep review plans until I get back with you . Thanks . --Sally I know that in our meeting with Rick and Rick we talked about being creative on London reviews and leveraging what is being done by EAS - maybe directing them on additional activities and doing some leg work by video conference . What happened to that effort ? Sounds as if from the London e-mails that we stepped right back to flying people around the world .
I know you are both busy . Lots of push back from London on Doorstep Reviews . I recognize that our world is pretty crazy right now . However , it is London's normal stance to push back on the reviews and work to the change the timing . I think that they view being a subject of a Doorstep review as an elective procedure on their part . Next week I will follow up with you to get your thoughts on Doorstep efforts during the 4th quarter . Wanted you to see my reply to Fernley below . --Sally
Attached is a contact list for Operations , giving home and cell numbers for the Head of Operations for EA , EGM , EIM , EES , EBS and EEL . Also listed are the lead risk and settlements personnel for each business unit . My numbers are listed as well , so feel to call me this weekend if needed . More detailed contact lists for gas risk , power risk and settlements have been sent to Geoff Storey , as requested by Louise and John . The IT Help desk ( x31411 ) will be running as usual 24 hours a day . The Help Desk has appropriate contact numbers for DBA's for all operating systems . If system problems are encountered , please call the Help Desk . If potential system problems are not resolved promptly , you can also contact Jenny Rub , VP of IT Infrastructure at 713-851-5456 ( cell phone) , 281-463-4421(home phone ) or 877-345-3812 ( pager) . Sally Beck Chief Operating Officer Enron Net Works LLC
Thanks for finding this ! I have printed it on a color copier , so I will have it with me as an example - am actually pretty close to being finished . Had a fun visit with Cara and Anna . What a cutie Anna is ! And what a good baby - still haven't heard a cry , or at least not one like my kids could produce ! They left after breakfast this morning , while most of us were at church . Meagan stayed home to work on essays for college applications . So sorry to hear about the car wreck . Glad that you two are okay , but what an inconvenience . Hope that the other guys insurance covers everything . --Sally
Yes - at 3:40 pm . Will try to leave by 4:00 or so . --Sally
Cleaning out e-mails . Does this still need approval ? --Sally
Let's save this in case I have to send out something to all management committee members . Thanks . --Sally
In case you missed this , just wanted you to see that this Enron Net Works publication that to date has focused only on the IT organization has now been broadened in scope . The hot link to the site should work , and if you click on Features and then Energy Operations you will see the article referred to below . The editor has spoken to a couple of you also . Her plan is to get with each one of you and to run a series of articles about Operations . --Sally
Yes , it has only taken me 23 days to respond , but yes I would like to get this report . Thanks . --Sally
Approval still required ? Please let me know . Thanks . --Sally ( I do want to see all of these right now )
I am just a little tardy in working my way through e-mails ! I understand that you will be joining Beth Apollo's risk team in EES soon . A win-win situation for everyone involved , I believe . Please let me know when you will next be in town - would love to see you . --Sally
approval still needed ?
Need to use this in contact list that I believe Tina put together for ENW .
Do we have this new one ?
Only a week and a half to reply to you - I apologize ! The artickale was great . In fact , today I have resent the notice with the hot link to my direct reports . Since we all get so many e-mails , I wanted to be certain that this wasn't overlooked . I pointed out to them that ENN had broadened its cover to include operations as well as technology , and that they should look for upcoming articles . Sounds as if your son had a strong start at Kleb as well . This second six weeks is proving to be a little more challenging for Amanda - or her effort may have gotten diverted ! I am copying my assistant on this note so that we can get lunch on the calendar . --Sally
Approval still needed ? I do want to review anything at this point . -Sally
I forwarded to you most of the ibuyit stuff still in my e-mail . Please check all to see if they have been approved . From this point forward , I don't want to automatically approve anything without my seeing it . Please scan the rest of my e-mails to see if there is an ibuyit request that I failed to forward to you for you to check . Please be sure that anything that has already been approved is deleted . Thanks . Please go through my e-mails and print everything from Melissa Becker , put it in a folder ( all should relate to follow up on the Accounting offsite in Galveston ) for me . I need to review that stuff and figure out when the next follow up meeting is going to be with either Rick and/or Melissa . They have asked me to chair one of the follow up issues . Some of the e-mails from Melissa relate to volunteers for my team . I think there is also one saved voice mail with a volunteer's name . Can you create a list ( with contact numbers ) of all volunteers from e-mails and voice mails to date ? Thanks . Then please delete all e-mails from Melissa . Also , please go through my e-mails and print everything that relates to Center for Houston's Future . I need to review these . Most is from Marilyn Schoppe , but a few are from others , but reference CHF . Then delete all of these e-mails . E-mails from Lexi Elliott regarding recruiting . Please print all so that I can review them . Please delete all e-mails after printing . Thanks . This effort plus my clean up today should help shrink the e-mails that remain . Thanks . --Sally
Please do the same thing with e-mails from MIke Jordan . thanks .
Operator error - I misspelled your name . Probably too late to include . Sorry , I didn't see the failed delivery attempt until today . Been kind of hectic at Enron ! --Sally
Can you please provide the following information on invitees to the series of breakfast meetings: ( example noted below from today's meeting ) Name Title Group Direct Supervisor Jeff Gossett Director Operations - Gas Risk ( EA ) Bob Hall La Metrice Dopson Sr . Director IT Infrastructure Jenny Rub Mark , Greg and I need to have this information the day before the scheduled breakfast meeting . The group description may be the most difficult to get , but you can look at this as a good way for you to get to know the leadership team within ENW and what they do . I will be glad to help you with the details - just let me know . Noting each employee's direct supervisor will just make it that much easier for us to understand where everyone fits into the organization . I would also like to have this information for the breakfast meeting that was held this morning . Thanks . --Sally Can I also take a look at the total list of employees that will be invited to the breakfast meetings ? The list that I used last week for Senior Directors and above for the Tuesday lunch meeting was not completely up-to-date . I just want to be sure that we are not leaving anyone out . Thanks .
Since you are the lead , I assume that you have an idea from Dave on what he is looking for . Since Dave referenced ENW , I assume that we will include roles with regard to IT development projects . Do you think that he also wants to pick up definition of Infrastructure roles as well ? --Sally
Will do the best we can . As ENW , we utilize the Analyst pool much more heavily than the Associates pool . Several of us from ENW nterviewed Analyst candidates for Fastastic Friday on October 26 ( including me) . I believe that we have a number of ENW managers committed to the November 16 Fantastic Friday interviews for Analysts . Most Associates rotations are commercial rotations , so it would seem to make sense to have commercial teams heavily involved in the November 3 and December 1 Super Saturdays . What would be the time commitment on Saturday ? --Sally
Trading activity on EnronOnline continues be at or above trade count levels for the same period last month . Jim Donnell , President and CEO of Duke Energy North America , stated at an industry conference on Friday , October 26 that for Duke it is "business as ususal" with Enron . Enron remains an active counterparty trading with Duke . At the same Independent Petroleum Association of Amercia industry event , Joe Bob Perkins , group president for Reliant Energy's wholesale businesses , stated that Reliant continues to actively trade with Enron as well .
I left individual voice mail messages for Chris , Johnny , John , Tom , Keith , Susan and Susie tonight , thanking them for spending part of their Saturday in the office . I appreciate your personal organization and leadership of the team so that the DPR could be completed Saturday morning and delivered to RAC for their further analysis over the weekend . Thanks , too , for spending part of your weekend in the office . Your willingness to pitch in and your constructive suggestions on leading and motivating employees is very much appreciated .
Sounds good . I can be flexible - I will let Christina know to expect a call from your assistant on this . --Sally
Causey concurs with postponing Doorstep reviews . Haven't heard back from Buy , but I will find him in person this afternoon and will get back with you as soon as I do . I agree - no need to prepare anything at this point while we are waiting for Buy's response . --Sally
FYI
Thought that my e-mail message to you last week asked for a moratorium on contacting London re: Doorstep Reviews until I circled back with you after conversations with Buy and Causey . Sounds as if that moratorium either wasn't communicated or wasn't observed . Causey left me a voice mail message on Sunday night saying he is okay with postponing all EEL reviews at present . Still waiting on Buy . I will find him today .
Just heard from Buy - he is in agreement with postponing Doorstep reviews for now . He has asked me to create a tickler for this in January . --Sally
Some interesting thoughts - many do hit home . Thought that I would pass this along so that we can discuss it when we get together for lunch tomorrow . --Sally
Yes , this was to be the review with Corp . - Lay , Whalley and Frevert . I am working with Mark LIndsey on the revised schedule - still don't have one , but I will let you know as soon as I know something . --Sally
Please print the attached on Enron letterhead and fax to Marilou ASAP at The Tremont House . Thanks !
Please print on letterhead and fax to Treemont house to Eugene Vaughan . Thanks .
I know that your employees appreciate these meetings . Thanks for staying so focused ! --Sally
Yes , I will be able to attend . Thanks . --Sally
I will call you on this one...Sally
No
I am finally making it all the way through old e-mails . I will try to call you and talk through all of this . I am probably not as familiar as I should be on the procedures that exist . --Sally
What are the plain facts around this Rexam deal ? --Sally
Here are contact numbers for Steve: Work 512-427-3307 Cell 512-431-7739 I will see you tomorrow at 9:30 . --Sally
The November newsletter looked great ! This message was sent by Beverly Gibson for the December newsletter . At Monday's board meeting , Lori Ewalt gave me an article about Senior Presentation for the December newsletter . She doesn't have an electronic copy . I will try this weekend to retype it as a word document and e-mail it to you . Lori also said that she had given Janet Petrak a hard copy of a permission slip to be printed in the December newsletter . ( This is for parents to sign for under 17's to be out after midnight as they return from Senior Presentation) . Do you have that ? If not , you might contact Janet and ask her for that . --Sally
Please join Greg Piper and me for an ENW Management Team meeting at 8:30 am in Conference Room # 4990 on the fourth floor of Enron Center South on Thursday , November 8 . Mark Pickering is travelling and may be able to join us by phone . Please notify me only if you are unable to attend . Thank you . --Sally
Please print on legal paper and let's discuss . Thanks .
Exciting news on the house , but I know that you must be busy ! When we moved to Champion Forest , we did the same thing . Called the real estate agent to list our house on a Monday , got a contract on our house on Tuesday , and put a contract on our new house on Wednesday that week . You and your husband must be into quick decision making as well! ! Yes , life at Enron is interesting these days . Kind of like a soap opera . Difficult for everyone to stay focused . We are ready for some good news here . With your move , let me know how I can help more with this December newsletter . It is on my list for the weekend to recreate Lori Ewalt's article as a word attachment and get that to you . I am glad that you have the permission slip in hand . --Sally
Thanks for your help . --Sally
FYI
Spoke to Allen - this outage will not take place this weekend and is tentatively rescheduled for the weekend of November 17 . The feasibility of that timing will be re-evaluated at the end of next week . --Sally
FYI - no move to the new building this week . --Sally
Thanks so much for your note . It is certainly nice to know that your thoughts are with me . I , too , enjoyed visiting with you at our Woodlands session . I was so sorry to miss the second forum , but I certainly feel that I made the right decision to be here . When some of this is behind us at Enron , I do hope to get reconnected with the on-going efforts resulting from the CHF . --Sally
Please print for me . Highly confidential - cannot be discussed yet . Thanks . --Sally
Contact numbers are listed below for Greg Piper and me if needed over the weekend . Mark Pickering is out of the country , and we are coordinating with him as we complete scenarios on reduced costs . Our team is continuing to work on this tonight and we will reconvene in the office starting at 8:00 am on Saturday . We are working in Conference Room 4100 on the 4th floor of ECS ( next to my office) . Please let us know when you would like to review the information . --Sally ENRON NET WORKS Office of the Chair Name Assistant # Office # Mobile # Home # Pager #
FYI - If you need anything from me or Piper this weekend , thought that these contact numbers would be helpful . --Sally
Everyone worked hard and did a good job on Friday night and Saturday . From IT , Jenny Rub , Steve Stock , Iain Greig , Anthony Dayao and Ramesh Rao were very engaged and did some great work . Jeff Johnson was kept updated while in route back to Houston and he is in the office today reviewing the work that has been done to date . Other ENW team members hard at work with us over the weekend have been Bob Hall , Beth Apollo , Kevin Sweeney , Kerry Roper and Marla Barnard . Greg P . and I met with Kerry Roper this am to review the summarized version of the work that has been done . Looks good - and it is unlikely that we will get with Greg Whalley to review the data this weekend . He's meeting with commercial teams currently , and then will be on a plane for NYC later today . We will take tomorrow to incorporate any changes that Jeff Johnson may have , and to get the entire weekend team to review and affirm ( or change ) the data as it is now summarized . I will e-mail Greg W . an update on the work that we have done today and will copy you on that message . Greg P . and I decided not to e-mail the details to him - better to review in person . He will know that we are ready . Quick preview of Monday's intended schedule: 8:00 am All direct reports of OOC of ENW will meet in Conference Room 4175 in ECS to view together the web-cast of Dynegy conference call 9:00 Following webcast , Greg P. , Marla Barnard and I will meet with OOC direct reports to review Q&A and to talk about next steps 9:30 I will meet briefly with weekend team to go over work needed on Monday re: cost saving measures 10:00 The start of a whirlwind series of floor meetings to reach all ENW employees ( have the details mapped out - attached is copy of spreadsheet ) 4:00 Regroup with weekend team to review data revised during the day on cost saving measures 5:00 Greg P . is buying.. . Outstanding item on cost savings efforts: We didn't include or touch the ISC . Their budget for 2002 is included in Corp. , but since responsibility now rests with you , we need to get Allan involved in the same exercise that we worked over the weekend . Would you like for me to meet with him on Monday to get him started ? Then you can take it from there ? Or would you like to wait and address this with Allan when you are back in the office ? Just let me know . Have a good flight back . Let me know if there is anything that I can do for you tomorrow while you are in route back to Houston . --Sally
Thanks - this will be a BIG effort , I know . --Sally
From Dynegy's press release , here are details for Monday 8:00 am: Conference Call Simulcast Dynegy and Enron will simulcast a merger conference call live via the Internet on Monday , November 12 , 2001 , at 8:00 a.m . CT , 9:00 a.m . ET . The webcast can be accessed via dynegy.com ( click on "Investor Relations") . The login number is 4365632 and the password is "Dynegy."
Please join Greg Piper and me in Conference Room 4075 on the 4th floor of ECS at 8:00 am on Monday , November 12 . To find this conference room , go through the security badge check point to your right as you arrive on the 4th floor , then make a left at the first hallway and the conference room will be on your right . Dynegy and Enron will simulcast a merger conference call live via the Internet at 8:00 am Central Time . We will access this webcast via the two large screens in the conference room . We can watch this together as a group , and at the conclusion of the simulcast we will have a brief meeting to discuss Q&A regarding the merger and our action steps for the day as the management team of Enron Net Works . I look forward to seeing you on Monday morning . --Sally
Talked with Jenny - she will take care of beaming the simulcast onto the big screen for us tomorrow morning . I looked at the conference room , and it looks the way we left it yesterday - dirty . Talked with the security guys and they called to check on cleaning crew . Should be here this afternoon at 2:00 , so the room should be clean and neat by tomorrow morning . Have sent e-mail notice of meeting - included Tony Mends and Allan Sommer since I don't know Paskin's whereabouts and I do know that Mark Pickering won't be here . Otherwise , Tony and Allan will be out of the loop . Anyone else who will roll under Paskin that I should include ? I will also leave voice mail messages on everyone's Enron extension and make calls to home numbers so that everyone will know about the 8:00 am meeting . Brent is here - will meet with McConnell at 3:00 on EGM ( commercial ) cost savings effort . Not sure that McConnell will meet with Greg W . Brent will update me after the 3:00 meeting . --Sally
We are prepared to get with you as soon as you would like after your return from New York to review projected cost savings from ENW . For each business unit that we support ( EA , EGM , EIM , EES , EBS) , we have prepared cost savings on expense and capital based on the three scenarios below . Scenario 1: Enron exits the line of business , with immediate headcount reductions and cost savings quantified; skeleton staff remains for orderly exit of business; then final headcount reductions and cost savings quantified ( Lights Out ) Scenario 2: Enron retains and maintains line of business , but does not invest for growth; assumes no further systems enhancements; support is scaled back from current level and is minimal ( Lights On - But Dim ) Scenario 3: Enron retains line of business and invests modestly to accommodate known market changes; service levels are scaled back from current level and are a step above minimal ( Lights On - Brighter ) Cost savings in all three scenarios have been quantified at the following level of detail by commodity for EGM and EIM: EGM: Freight Markets EIM: Forest Products FX/IR/Equity Steel Domestic Crude & Products International Crude & Products Domestic Coal International Coal Cost savings have been identified for ENW's unallocated expense and capital as well . We have worked with HR to adjust cost savings for anticipated severance costs . --Sally Cell 713-417-1591 Home 281-370-8568
Up to you and Anthony . We have already done a meeting in 3AC - today at 11:15 . We had not been provided info that Anthony had anyone in 3AC . We had a meeting this morning during which we reviewed floor meeting plans - I don't think that Anthony was able to attend . Your options are to bring them over to ECN 14 at 1:30 , or to have them attend a meeting at 1:00 in 2 Allen Center , 12 th floor in the Forum ( a meeting room on that floor) . I will be conducting that floor meeting at 1:00 for ENW employees in 2 Allen Center - it is Allan Sommers' ISC group . --Sally
Can you update me today on status , issues and resolution ? We need to get back with Bill Bradford today . --Sally
This problem is a result of the lack an automated interface between GCP and RPS and RGS . My understanding is that Todd Taylor on your team is working on this interface . What is the expected completion of this interface , and if is later than today , what can be done to deliver this ASAP . With the large number of Mass Market deals being done , it is imperative to have an automated solution to this problem . Can you call me today with an update ? Thanks . -Sally
James responded and filled me in on the issue . Sounds like we need the automated link to solve future problems . How are we going to clean up the existing backlog ? Did you know that this had grown so large ? James says that this sits in Shelly Stubbs' lap to solve and that he has offered up resources to help . Sounds as if the offer has not been taken by Shelly . Bill is obviously out of his crisis mode on counterparty credit issues and has lifted his head to look at other things . I hate getting these e-mails from him --he always has more info than I do on issues and for some reason his confidence level in operations is not incredibly strong because he always contacts me ! I would love for someone else on the operations team to gain his confidence and I am sure that you would like for him to come to you with issues instead of always contacting me first . ( Don't worry - you are not alone in this -- applies to EA , EGM and EIM as well) . Let's talk about how we can manage this better .
These counterparties are set up in GCP; however , they have not been set up in RPS and RGS . Two things are needed . First , we need an automated link from GCP to RPS and RGS . Someone on Anthony Dayao's team is assigned to this , but the project has not been completed . I have asked Anthony to update me today on how we can get this completed ASAP . This will solve the problem on a go-forward basis . The second need is a clean up effort on this backlog . I have asked Beth Apollo for an update on her plan , and I will have her review this with you later today . --Sally
SInce your name was not on the original list , I am forwarding this to you . Molly's comment that "many lack the clear understanding . .." in the third paragraph below - to whom does this apply and do you agree with her ? --Sally
Tom , Thanks for the list of questions . I am always glad when someone takes me up on that type of offer , because I genuinely want the input from others . I have taken a quick glance at the list of questions and will take the time to read them thoroughly over a sandwich today . After reading them , I will get back to you on an effective way to answer them , as I may not be able to personnally address all . --Sally
As discussed yesterday , we will have a 5:00 pm meeting daily to update you on details regarding the merger . We will begin this meeting today , Novmeber 13 , and will continue this as long as you find it useful . The meeting will be held each day in ECS 04075 ( same conference room that we were in on Monday morning) . Mark Taylor will join us from Legal this afternoon . He will discuss terms of the merger agreement and will answer questions that you may have . We will also discuss our ENW plans for a PRC "Lite" . There is no need to RSVP to this meeting each day . The meeting will be held daily for all of those who can attend . --Sally
In case you have your blackberry with you while in line with the masses , just learned from Brent Price ( via Mike McConnell ) that there is a daily meeting led by JIm Fallon with CEO's at 11:00 that reviews cash usage within the businesses and where a list , although not final , is being reviewed relative to lines of business and locations ( i.e . Tokyo , Singapore , etc. ) that may be exited . It is key for ENW to anticipate these changes and seems that we could add something to the discussions from time to time . Did you know about this meeting ? Seems like you should be there . Can you nose in with Jim ? --Sally
Carol: Would you enlarge the attachment so I can print for Sally . Thanks , Christina
Who was this who replied ?
Good question . All cash outflows have an impact , so it is probably best just to emphasize not spending unnecessary dollars . We have asked our direct reports to carefully consider travel ( is it really necessary , and if so , can only 1 person make the trip instead of earlier times when we might have sent two or three persons) , off-site meetings ( can an Enron conference room work just fine) , happy hours ( should get approved by Mark , Greg or me ahead of time , and we need to be comfortable with business purpose) , outside services and hiring . I think that you could share this with the assistants . It is very important , especially now , to have updated contact information for employees . All assistants should make sure that cell and home phone numbers are up-to-date . Please thank everyone for their focus and dedication during these tough times . I will let you know if I think of anything else regarding spending . --Sally Just thought of this: We should have all approvers within the "ibuyit" and "ibuyit-payables" systems look closely at and approve all purchases and payments . Assistants in the past may have accessed requests on line for their bosses and automatically approved things to keep them going in the system . We should be actively reviewing and approving or disapproving all expenditures .
As discussed during yesterday's 5:00 pm meeting , the ENW direct reports to the Office of the Chair ( VP level only ) will meet on Thursday afternoon to discuss employee talent . The meeting will be in Conference Room # 4075 on the 4th floor of ECS from 1:00 to 4:00 pm . Please respond only if you are unable to attend . Information to be discussed in this meeting should be submitted to Marla Barnard today . Thanks for you time and attention to this . --Sally
Yes , fully prepared . Thanks . --Sally Have a great time on vacation . Relax and enjoy the family . Say hello to Jo for me .
Employees' performance will be evaluated at year end and feedback will be given to employees , but the PRC process itself and all of the many meetings that normally take place will be pared down significantly . We want to give constructive feedback to employees while making sure that the majority of our time is focused on managing Enron's business . HR should be sending information out soon to all employees on the details . The year-end bonus process is on track at this point , and it is the company's intent to pay bonuses . It is also the company's intent to follow the process that we go through annually to review compensation levels relative to individual performance and to market data . That process is slated for February , and at this point I am not aware of any anticipated changes to that . I am happy to answer your questions . Feel free to send me others as the come up . --Sally
Attached is list of questions . How soon could we have answers to these ? I would appreciate any help that you could give me on this . --Sally
I will be in the office on Tuesday next week ( November 21) , but hope to take the day off on Wednesday . The kids will be out of school on Wednesday and we are going to Austin to be with my family for Thanksgiving . So we hope to be on the road on Wednesday morning to beat some of the traffic . With that , sounds as if it would be better for us to get together on Monday , November 26 . If you want to try and talk before then , a good time to get me is in car during my morning commute . Number is 713-417-1591 , and some range between 7:00 am and 8:30 am might work . These are certainly trying times . You have been in my thoughts , and you have my commitment that it is certainly not out of sight , out of mind . --Sally
Sorry those didn't get to you yesterday . It was 7:00 pm before I had time to get that together for you , only to discover that all that I had were hard copies . Our ENW CAO had summarized the data for us into the single page format , and he had never e-mailed me the file . He was gone for the day , and I tried his cell phone , but didn't get an anwer . Let me know how the meeting with Beth and Evan went today . Lavorato and I have been working on something regarding gas logistics , and a follow up meeting was called on that this morning at 10:30 . The outcome of the meeting required a visit with David Oxley , so I could tell that making a meeting with you at 11:00 probably wasn't going to happen . How are your 5:00 pm meetings ? I will catch up tomorrow . --Sally Hope that you made it to the soccer play-off game tonight! !
It's 11:55 am on Sunday - have tried your cell phone , but did not get an answer . Left you a message that Beth , Jeff , and Brent are all here and working on their respective pieces . We will convene as a group about 12:30 here in my office . If you can join us at 1:00 , we can give you an update . --Sally
Great work again from your team ! Thanks . --Sally
From our work weekend before last , our third scenario ( staying in the business , but making improvements more slowly and reducing some service levels) , our estimated savings for Operations and IT Development were: Annualized Savings ( in millions ) & Headcount Reductions ( Enron Employees ) Direct Costs Bonus Subtotal Net Cap Total Ops IT Accural Savings Severance Savings Ex Savings This work was not done at the level of identifying individuals , but rather positions . identify indiOur work today will be to further refine this estimate and to individuals' names . We have already identified our lower performers across Operations and IT as well . We had to get through our work this weekend in identifying higher performers supporting EIM and EGM who could potentially support EA and EES in an effort to provide an even stronger team for those two business units . The above estimates of cost savings did not include savings from Jenny Rub , which she can calculate for us based on detail of headcount reductions and any systems work that is discontinued ( i.e . server savings) . The estimate also did not include any potential reductions in the EOL charges for EA that may result from cost reductions that Greg Piper is having with Brad Richter . Your desire to cut costs for EA but not reduce work force seem to be incompatible . We will do our work and then see how we can reconcile this with you . --Sally
Are we having some fun now ? Thought about you today - in fact , ran across a business card of yours that I had in a file from Phibro Energy . I know that I have missed your insight and opinions into Enron's roller-coaster . Is this ride better with eyes open or closed ? --Sally
Tough times - and lots of work . I know that you must be swamped , and that you had already been immersed in what was believed to be a tough budget process . I am sure it is even tougher now ! Got a call from Melissa Becker today regarding retention . On Rick's behalf , she was asking about London operations . I assume that you have covered that . Her specific question related to Mike . I told her that you and I hadn't talked , and that my assumption was that you had this one covered . Accurate ? Take care . -Sally
Our current plan on EA Operations would be to eliminate any planned headcount addtions and to reduce the current staff levels by 10% . I will get with you on Tuesday morning to review the names , but I feel confident that few if any would be recognized by your commerical guys , as we only engage our best in interfacing with the traders . Our current estimate on cost reductions for EA Operations is less than the $5.4MM estimated 2 weeks ago . Beth Perlman and team are continuing to work tonight and will have details available tomorrow . We are in agreement , as Bob Hall has worked with Beth's team to eliminate 4 main projects on the production support systems ( MKM Enhancements , Unify Production Tuning , Decaf Strategic Rewrite , and one other that escapes me at the moment) . Beth and her team are also working on the cost savings that will result from potentially halting or slowing down other commercially-driven IT projects . The headcount impact and dollar savings from these project eliminations are what Beth's team is focused on tonight . --Sally
FYI.. .
Yes .
FYI - response after my call to Brian . Agreement refers to employees of Enron Americas or its subsidiaries , and those employees involved in natural gas specifically . Enron Networks is not named , but is definitely an oversight because so much of the support for gas comes from Enron Networks . Close date on the sale was May 31 , 2001 - 12 month non-solicit period starts from that point . --Sally
Thanks - Anne did call me this morning with the details . --Sally
I think that your Phibro card is from our original meeting in New York , a lifetime or two ago! ! Sounds as if your rollercoaster experience with Teddy was perhaps a preview of the subsequent weeks at Enron . Thank goodness for those little guys to go home to every night . My little guys aren't so little any more . Meagan is a senior this year - had all of her college applications submitted by November 1 , and feels pretty good just knowing that her part is done . She has gotten one acceptance - University of Oklahoma . She also applied to UT , SMU and TCU and is waiting to hear from them . She may hear from SMU and TCU before Christmas - UT probably after the first of the year . ( By the way , David and I are strongly talking up the state school thing , given the current Enron share price , or diminished portion thereof. ) This senior year is going by all too quickly , especially since the last month or so I seem to be hearing about it second-hand having spent way too many hours in the Enron Building . And mentioning the building , I moved to Enron Center South ( the new building ) in mid September . I'm on the 4th floor - one of the trading floors . Kinneman is on this floor , too . Kind of a cool building , but weird because it is not really finished . Our floor is fine , but you have to walk through a maze of temporary walls on the second floor to get to the elevator - and some elevators are "panelled" with rough plywood inside . The sky ring thing is cool , too , but half of the circle is closed on a daily basis as they continue to finish out the space . We walk under open ceilings with wires hanging down . Not exactly sure how we were able to swing an occupancy certificate , but we are here ! Do let me know if you are going to be in Houston anytime soon . I would love to get together with you . Between 9/11 and our current cash constraints , my previously planned November London visit is not happening ! Enjoy your Thanksgiving in London . --Sally
Have updated spreadsheet for known data tonight . THESE THINGS NEED TO BE REVIEWED AND POSSIBLY CHANGED: Had Perlman's total numbers from today , which she did no subdivide into EA , EIM and EGM numbers . Made assumption that numbers from Sunday's spreadsheet for Beth's EGM and EIM totals stood , and backed into EA numbers by simply taking her total minus Sunday's EGM and EIM numbers . You will want to gut check this with Beth . Had Jenny's current total headcount ( 546 ) and her reductions to contractors and FTE's . Didn't have detail on her contractor versus FTE numbers after reductions . Just assumed 100 contractors , remaining FTE's . You will need to get that detail from Jenny to correctly reflect her Revised Headcount . There was a bust in numbers that I had for Commodity Logic Development . Gros gave me the starting number of 46 ( contractors and FTE's - but without current breakdown) . His reductions were 6 contractors and 8 FTE's , which should have left a revised total headcount of 32 . But I wrote down a revised total headcount of 24 for this group . Off by 8 , so I increased the number of contractor cuts to 14 to make the math work . Please go over details with Tom and make corrections as needed . Didn't have confirmed starting total headcount for ISC . Spreadsheet with his FTE names gives a count of 129 , so I assumed that he has 50 contractors to come up to the spreadsheet starting number of 179 . Allan only reduced by 3 FTE's and if he plans to reduce contractors I did not have that info . So all other numbers for the ISC are simply forced . Please review with Allan and make corrections as needed . Have a nice Thanksgiving with your families . You can reach my by cell phone tommorrow ( mine: 713-417-1591 or David's: 713-299-1436 ) or at my parents' home starting about mid-afternoon ( 512-458-5510) . We will drive back from Austin sometime on Friday . Could come in on Saturday or Sunday , as needed . --Sally
Thanks for your nice note . Did you get the job ? I certainly hope so . I appreciate your thoughts and prayers - both are very much needed ! We are all still somewhat in a state of shock over the state of the company . I find myself working lots of hours on things that several months ago we wouldn't have thought about . Life is always interesting - it may take a while to see where this twist is leading us , but I do know that it will be interesting ! --Sally
Thanks for the note . I wish you well as you continue to build your business outside Enron . Unfortunate circumstances here have caused us to make some tough business decisions that impact contractors such as yourself . I appreciate your hard work over the last several years and the contributions that you made in helping to manage various businesses within Enron . I am saving your e-mail address and phone number . There may be an occasion for us to work together again . Best wishes for you and your family . -Sally
Can you hold on this until after mid-week this week ? We haven't gotten much communication from "above" on spending , but everyone is doing the obvious things to be prudent right now . I can tell you that even over this Thanksgiving weekend ( with banks open on Friday) , that there is still tremendous concern and focus on cash . ( I got calls at home on Friday afternoon to provide data on EA , EGM and EIM payables - data deemed critical that day) . I know that company-wide , we will want to be certain that the cancellation of the company-wide holiday party does not result in just as much money being spent by hundreds of groups across the company . If waiting until after mid-week makes the timing diffcult for planning purposes , I might suggest a less costly version . One idea is to tell your directs that you want to bring them together as a group to thank them for their hard work and offer your home for the occassion on the 7th . You could submit for expense reimbursement the cost of something like wine and beer , and ask everyone to bring a snack to contribute to the party . I think that everyone would understand not having the entire event underwritten by Enron - especially following the events that will occur this week . Over the years we have all gotten used to Enron footing the bill for so many things . At the bank where I was before , we occassionally had get-togethers where we all brought something to the party . It is not really unusual outside Enron . --Sally
Let's get together tomorrow . My calendar is pretty open . Understand your request , and you have my assurance that I will be very up-front with you . No breaking news to share with you , however . Would love to get your input on the organization going forward , if you have time tomorrow . Yes , kind of of bleak . --Sally
Since this is my work e-mail address , I enjoyed a much overdue break from Enron Wednesday through Sunday , so I did not read your e-mail message until today . I tried to open the attachment - our network operations require that the file be saved first before opening . Did that , and what comes up looks like it is in tongues!! ! Unfortunately , I can't read anything , but hopefully Nancy was able to review it . I realized today that the article that Lori Ewalt gave me in hard copy at the board meeting is still in my NCL folder . I meant to retype and get this to you in a word attachment , but frankly the hours at Enron have been horrific . I worked the weekends of November 10 and 17 ( Sat and Sun) , and have had very long hours during the week - latest one on record to date was 1:00 AM last Tuesday . Unless Lori got that article to you in another way , we are missing that from the newsletter ! I will call you and if indeed Lori's article is not in there ( not the permission form , but another article) , I will contact Sally and I will simply make copies of the article to be inserted in the newsletter prior to mailing . Sorry about this! ! Sounds as if you had a busy Thanksgiving on top of a move as well . Hope that you are enjoying the new place . Too bad about the Sooners on Saturday . David had thought about driving to Dallas next weekend for the Big 12 Championship game , but obviously won't be doing that now ! --Sally
Yes , I think that it makes sense to keep the system available over the weekend for the foreseeable future . I had operations teams accessing critical data , available only in SAP , on Friday evening and Sunday this past weekend . It is very likely that our need to do so will continue , unlimited to weekdays . Thanks . --Sally
Our curve validation process is one of the key items that Arthur Andersen will be reviewing at year end . AA has looked for us to strengthen this process , and Tom Bauer stated about 6 weeks ago that he would be looking closely at this . ( His focus may now have been diverted , but I would also anticipate that AA's reviews will have a new intensity about them! ) In preparation for this , I have called a meeting today with the risk leads across all commodities . I want to hear from them in a protected environment today what they are and are not doing regarding curve validation . We will review the recent changes recommended regarding curve validation ( from the task force lead by Shona Wilson ) and discuss specific action steps to insure that we demonstrate an improved curve validation process . I have a meeting with Shawn Kilcrest and Tom Bauer later this week and , following today's meeting , I hope to give them assurances about progress that has or will be made . You are welcome to join us in this meeting . If you do not attend , please get with your respective risk leads later today or tomorrow so that you are aware of the current status of curve validation in your area and any improvements that may need to be made quickly . The meeting will be held as follows: 3:00 - 3:30 PM ECS 4102 ( my office ) Attendees: Jeff Gossett Stacey White Sam Leuschen Scott Mills John Swinney Frank Prejean Michelle Bruce EBS TBD
Is Kathy the right contact ? Or should it be Brian ? Let's talk about changing the Canadian reporting relationships - especially risk . I think that I will propose that to Lavorato today . But let's talk first . --Sally
Any ideas on why Canadian numbers wouldn't have made it into V@R calc today ? --Sally
Bradford called last night - some problem with SO2 marks . Bill thought that our curves were way off . Sounds as if that is not the problem but instead that the book in which these deals were put had previously housed only intercompany deals and not third party deals . Book wasn't picked up in Credit's exposure , making it look as if we were off on our mark versus Barclay's mark by $20MM . I have gotten one story from Brent . What do you know about this ? --Sally
We need your help in completing the following today , per Sally Beck's voice mail message: Review your tab in this e-mail to verify the list of retained employees ( your name should be in the list as well) . Where applicable , if you have employees designated to go to NewCo , please indicate that on your list ( we are striving for a list of employees who will remain with the estate) . Return a hard copy of your list to Marla Barnard by 2:00 PM today , with your signature that the list is accurate and complete , or with appropriate changes/updates noted . Complete a summary template being sent to you by either Kerry Roper or Mike Galvan that will give us your total number of employees ( with subtotals for those going to NewCo and those remaining with the Estate ) and your total number of employees . Please complete this by 2:00 PM also . Thanks .
James will be a real sport to fly with us and then turn around! ! Maybe he would like to do some Christmas shopping! ! That is a great fare - thanks for including us as buddies!. . My hair cut appointment is on Saturday morning , the 29th , so the timing on our return on Friday the 28th is very flexible for me . Whatever flight you think would be best for us to return on will be fine . I am getting the phone number for the hotel and will forward that to you . I will also get Meagan to coordinate with Nicole on their choices on Broadway plays and then I will get tickets for us . --Sally
Thanks for your call a few weeks back . Has been totally crazy here , with incredibly long hours over the last 6 to 8 weeks . Today is my last day in the office until Monday , December 31 . I need the break ! Has been hard to squeeze in time to get ready for Christmas . And we are hosting Tyler's 4th birthday party on Friday this week . Christmas at home , as usual , and the Meagan and I will be off to New York the morning of December 26th with her friend Nicole and her mom . We thought it would be a fun trip with our seniors ! Shopping , eating and seeing plays - will be back on the night of the 28th . Our upcoming trips are to Orlando for four days in early March with the high school drill team for nationals competition . Then spring break in mid-March in Telluride for our first family ski trip ! Hopefully we will all come back in one piece ! Have a wonderful Christmas and enjoy the sun in San Diego . Christmas cards are coming - you may just receive yours after Christmas . Mo is in town and will join us for dinner tomorrow night . Grapevine has it that she is skinny as a rail ! College update: Meagan got her applications in to UT , OU , SMU and TCU before November 1 . She has acceptance letters from OU and SMU in hand , and is waiting to hear from UT and TCU . I have no idea what her decision will be ! Our best to Paul and the girls . --Sally
Can you have someone send me the list that you said you have provided to suitors of the ENA business ? I haven't seen it yet since we talked this morning . Bob Hall and I thought that list would be the best one for us to reconcile to for reporting to you and John on resignations . SInce you have submitted that list , we should also decide on a process for updating that with new names that we would substitute for someone who leaves . Since I haven't received the list yet , please send it to both Bob Hall and me . I will be out of the office on Thursday , so Bob will handle the details of a daily report starting tomorrow . Thanks . --Sally
FYI.. .
Your champagne is under my desk . I hope that you and Craig will enjoy it! ! Have a wonderful holiday and I will see you on the 31st .
Sorry that we didn't get together today . I plan to be out of the office from now until Monday , December 31 . I will be in Houston through Christmas , and can be available by cell phone on Thursday and Friday this week , December 20 and 21 . I will be in New York for several days following Christmas , from December 26 through December 28 . Tomorrow , I will send you a contact list for Mid and Back Office Operations for the remainder of this week and the week of Christmas . That contact list contains my hotel number in New York , if something critical were to arise while I am out of the office . I had provided you yesterday with a list of IT and Operations personnel to be included in the meeting to be set with Elizabeth Saeger regarding the process for handling terminations of transactions and arriving at the residual value of deals non-terminated deals in the risk books . I have not seen a meeting scheduled yet , and as you can see from the memo that I sent you yesterday , many risk book administrators will begin their vacations around Christmas this week . If you still plan to hold the meeting this week , please notify my assistant , Christina Valdez ( x39106 ) and I will try to join in by phone . I hope that you and your family have a great Christmas . I will see you back in the office on December 31 . Feel free to call me in the interim either at home or on my cell phone . --Sally
Attached is the memo that Christina delivered to you/Jim on Tuesday . One update is that Scott Mills is now out of the office through Christmas . Kristin Albrecht would be the appropriate risk rep in Scott's place is a meeting were to be held this week . --Sally
This is a "Draft" of process that I mentioned in our meeting in Jim's office on Monday . -----Sally
I am out of the office on vacation Thursday , December 20th - Friday , December 21st . I will be in town and can be reached by cell phone over the next few days ( 713-417-1591) . On Wednesday , December 26 - Friday , December 28 (  following Christmas) , I will be in New York . My contact number/hotel while in New York is listed on the attached in the event something critical should arise . I am attaching for your convenience a "Holiday Key Contact" list for operations for the business units . Have a safe and wonderful holiday ! --Sally
Mari: Here's the contact list Sally asked I forward to you . Christina Valdez Asst . to Sally Beck
Does any of this make sense to the two of you ? Please get back with me pon January 3rd and let me know if we do have outstanding issues with AEP and if we have unfinished projects from Carolyn Guilley . Thanks . --Sally
More info related to first e-mail.. .
Pretty cute - makes me want to open a roll of cookie dough when I get home today! ! Happy New Year ! --Sally
ENW submitted our preliminary revised budget two weeks ago . In our meeting in the Board Room , we did acknowledge that the ENW budget is very dependent upon the business plans of the business units that we support . Since our budget meeting was the first that you conducted , we agreed that the ENW revised 2002 budget would need to be reviewed again once the business plans and associated budgets for other Enron business units were completed . Has that process been completed such that we can now re-evaluate the 2002 budget for ENW ? I will follow up with you or someone on your staff on January 2 so that we can complete this budget process . I hope that you and your family enjoyed the holidays . --Sally
The list of proposed Netco employees that Amy Fitzpatrick provided to me at your request included tabs for Weather and Crude . Do you contemplate that Netco would trade those commodities/products ? Bob Hall's team that he has assembled for Netco does not include anyone with either Weather or Crude operations experience . We retained two top-notch operations individuals - Todd Hall and Kevin Sweeney - who at this time are not on the list for Netco . Both have extensive risk management experience and both have also managed all aspects of trading operations - documentation , risk books and settlements . Todd and Kevin each are good managers and they are working managers who know how to execute the details . Todd has most recently been in charge of all aspects of operations for Weather . Prior to has role in EGM , Todd created the MPR and supported all daily activities around valuing the assets in that portfolio . He also has had extensive experience in gas risk management . Sweeney's most recent assignment has been to manage operations for EIM . The bulk of his Enron experience has been in crude and crude products . He was part of the original team that opened the Singapore trading office and has experience in the UK as well . If you anticipate dealing in commodities outside gas and power , Todd and Kevin would both be great players to have on the Netco team . Let's discuss . --Sally
There are 3 excellent players whom I would draft onto any team that have not been picked up on the Netco list . Two of the three are Todd Hall and Kevin Sweeney - details below in my e-mail to Louise . Another excellent player is Shona Wilson . She currently leads the group that produces the DPR and the MPR . She had excellent experience with PWC before joining Enron , auditing trading companies in Europe . I have some thoughts on the value that she could bring in working with a new owner of the business . She could be instrumental in blending our risk reporting process with another entity . I am not sure about the extent of your involvement with the creation of Netco . If you do anticipate being involved , I would like to talk with you about these individuals and the roles that they could play in creating the best team for Netco . --Sally
Do you have a few minutes to get with me this week ? You seem to be the "in charge" person for the Estate . I wanted to visit with you about the needs that you see for the Estate and the role that I might play . I am focused currently on aiding in the due diligence work around the formation of Netco ( from an operations perspective) , although I am not on the list to go with Netco . I am also working with Jim Fallon on supporting the business plans for the remaining wholesale businesses within Enron . Greg PIper and I also still share the OOC responsibilities for Enron Net Works as well . I am committed to Enron , but would appreciate a frank discussion about the timeline you see for me at Enron . I need to have a job , and want to be appropriately prepared if the timeframe for me at Enron is limited . Thanks . --Sally
Rick: Do you feel that the revised budgets that your team has received are "baked enough" so that it makes sense for us to relook at the ENW budget in light of revised plans for the various business units ? My understanding is that the business plans that Jim Fallon had asked the various wholesale business units to complete by December 21 have not yet been submitted to Jim . Which would lead me to ask whether or not the revised 2002 budgets that you have are far enough along in the process for us to use in re-evaluating the ENW budget . Let me know your thoughts on your degree of comfort with the revised budgets and who on your staff we could work with to get the necessary information to rework the ENW budget , if necessary . Thanks . --Sally
Louise: Who in HR is providing you with a list and what is the purpose of the list ? We can verify that they are still with the company and that they are still getting paid , but knowing the source of the list you refer to from HR and the purpose of the list will allow us to get to the heart of the communication problem . --Sally
FYI.. .
Sorry - I read the first e-mail before seeing this one . Thanks for not asking me where my head was when we talked! ! --Sally
What are our communications with terminated employees and are there administrative obstacles impacting them as the note below would indicate ? If there is a backlog of info regarding employee status , I will be happy to key punch to get caught up . I am trainable and very willing!! ! --Sally
Mike: Do you have time to get together on Thursday to review the budget data that you have in hand ? Assumptions regarding number of employees within business units and the timing of the sale or shut-down of certain lines of business have a direct impact on the ENW revised budget for 2002 . --Sally
Mark received a payment in late November that stated that it would have to be repaid in full if he leaves Enron before the end of February 2002 . How do we handle this ? Has Mark mentioned this repayment ? --Sally
Big Pig: Met with them today and gave an overview of Operations . All went well . The CFO asked about performance measurements regarding costs per transaction . I described the Operations Pricing Model that I implemented several years ago . They were also interested in our ability to handle increased transaction flow , and I mentioned that through the OPM we were able to track the increased operational efficiencies that we experienced with the increase in transaction flow . The CFO asked to get some information regarding OPM . I have a summary report that reflects the decrease in cost per transaction plotted against the increase in transaction counts . This is not currently included in the data room . Do you want to review this before I pass it along to Andy Zipper to provide to the CFO ? Eddie Pittarelli ( Head of Operations for UBS ) called today to reconfirm the numbers of operations personnel slated for Newco . The spreadsheets that you had forwarded to me Louise ( through Amy Fitzpatrick on December 19 ) totaled 172 for Operations , which included 32 for Gas Logistics . Eddie said that he was going into a meeting tonight where UBS would again discuss their level of interest . He wanted to know if the Operations staff was still primarily in tact , and I confirmed that is the case . Told him that the leads on Gas Risk , Gas Logistics , Power Risk , Settlements and Documentation were all here in place . He said that depending on the outcome of the meeting tonight that he plans to be in Houston within the next few days . FYI .
I will include Kerry in this meeting with Mike . Do you want to attend as well ? Let me know , and we will schedule it so that it works for you , too . --Sally
Please schedule a meeting for Thurday afternoon ( 30 minutes ) with Mike DeVille , Kerry Roper , Greg Piper and me to review the operating budgets for 2002 , and the impact on the ENW operating budget . Thanks .
Bob is out with the flu and may be out through tomorrow . I will coordinate with him on org charts . Where do you want to have Gas Logistics - under Bob in operations or under trading ? Given your answer , we just need to be consistent with commercial on this for the org charts . Also , I talked with Bob Hall today and would expect to hear definitively from him tomorrow regarding his commitment to Netco . I had an interesting conversation with Barry Pearce this morning , and sounds as if you already have an alternative plan under way . --Sally
Yes , these functions are covered in the Netco list put together by Bob . Under the tab labeled "Documentation" in the electronic list sent to me by Amy Fitzpatrick , there are certain employees whose job titles include the phrase "Global Management" - meaning global databases , including counterparty . Bill Hare is on the Netco list , and is the most knowledgeable person in the company regarding the global counterparty database . Contract administration for gas and power has been handled by Kim Theriot's group , and Kim has accounted for that activity in her listing of employees for Netco . --Sally
Kristin was there - I had to cut it short by a few minutes to meet with Delainey in the other building. , Kristin stayed for a few more minutes to talk with Jeff and Stacey . I can give you a more detailed download of all meetings tomorrowl --Sally
Was Jim asking questions about the number of employees in ENW who would remain with the Estate ? Summary looks good - our meeting with Mike Deville on 2002 budgets is scheduled for tomorrow . --Sally
Barry would be good and I do believe that he is an asset . I will talk with Wes and see what we can suggest . With regard to your comment that I am "in" , in my conversation with Greg Whalley a couple of weeks ago he said that he does need me to accomplish some things for the estate and that like Mark Haedicke , and perhaps himself , there could be some issues with the Estate and creditors committee if we were to go to Netco immediately . What I agreed to with Greg is that I will be focused on the Estate and that I would be interested in talking about Netco in 30 to 60 days . In the meantime , I will participate as much as you would like for me to on the due diligence process around the auction . I will gladly meet with any and all prospective buyers to make them comfortable with our processes , systems , staff expertise and operational controls . And you can also count on me if I can play a role in assuring that the staff destined for Netco is in tact and is motivated and excited about the opportunities there . Leslie Reeves will be getting the org charts to Tammie this afternoon before she leaves . Gas logistics is not included in the operations org charts , as our understanding is that logistics is being included in the commerical org charts . --Sally
Just to keep you up-to-date with the saga.. .
Mike Shanker called today and wants to spend Tuesday through Thursday next week in our office reviewing at a more detailed level the functional responsibilities within Operations and Accounting . His goal , on behalf of Frank Bisignano ( which I am sure that I have misspelled) , is to map the job functions that we have into the job functions as they are organized within Solomon Smith Barney . I told him that we would be glad to work with him . We will involve Bob Hall , Jeff Gossett , Stacey White , Leslie Reeves and others as needed in these more detailed discussions . Mike says that Wes is sending him a functional org chart for his team today . I will touch base with Wes to make sure we are coordinated on our efforts . Is this the entity that had requested org charts that you asked for ? --Sally
FYI.. .
As discussed - happy reading on the plane.. . Sally W . Beck Chief Operating Officer Enron Net Works LLC
Beth Perlman has fleshed out an idea for maximizing value for creditors of the Enron Estate that I believe has a lot of merit . As you may know , one of our business goals within Enron Net Works in 2001 was to commercialize mid and back office services . With the money and talent that has been poured into Enron's trading operations systems and processes , we believed that there could be market demand for these services . Ironically enough , we had secured our first services customer and were to begin providing these services on December 1 . Understandably , the customer became concerned during November and the deal was shelved . Our experience was that there was much interest in mid and back office services ( coupling our systems and our people) , but that the major drawback in the marketplace was that it was indeed Enron that was offering these services . The market place didn't want us to "win again" as Enron . Obviously , the world has changed . While effort is currently focused on the formation of Netco and how to realize value from remaining contracts within EGM , EIM , EA , EES , etc. , I think that we would short-change the Estate if we did not bring the idea of a services company to at least the proposal stage in order to evaluate its potential value for the Estate . The idea would be to form this services company with a consulting firm , which could provide some capital , additional resource pool and a ready sales channel . With the potential of spin-off companies from Enron and with former Enron employees taking jobs with other firms , many doors would be opened for this "independent" services company to provide services . Servicing the Enron Estate could be the first engagement for this services company . Depending upon the structure of the deal , benefits to the Enron Estate could be reduced costs for systems and services , perhaps a cash inflow from the purchase of the CommodityLogic tools , the possibility of some revenue stream from other services engagements , etc . Another important aspect of this idea is that for the systems and operations professionals , this would create a true career opportunity - a service bureau offering through an established consulting firm - making it much more likely that these people could be retained . Beth and I met with a consulting firm today to explore the concept . There is definite interest , so we discussed the idea with Greg Piper today . We asked him for clarification around the Netco agreement regarding systems , and I believe that he has copied you on a note to Anne Koehler regarding this . Our ability to process transactions is one of Enron's assets , and our hope would be that we are not limiting the full realization of value around that asset in the way that the Netco agreement has been drafted . The next step would be to have the consulting firm conduct a short due diligence process so that a proposal could be presented for the Estate's consideration . Beth and I would like to move forward with the proposal stage . It would be helpful to know your view on the process which would have to be followed to consider the proposal . If we as Enron felt that there is merit to the proposal , would there simply be an approval process with the Creditor's Committee and the Court ? Would there have to be some sort of open bidding process on the proposal ? To set expectations within the consulting firm , it would be good to be able to give them a feel for the process . Your thoughts on this idea in general would be welcomed as well . --Sally
I have almost completely lost my voice today and am also running a fever . I have coordinated with Bob Hall this morning and he will attend the 10:00 meeting in ECN 30C1 . He will be able to give a good overview of operations and will be able to coordinate any other information needs they may have . All that I could do at this point is cough and nod ! I could certainly answer any questions for the Euros via e-mail , if needed , over the weekend . Call me at home ( 281-370-8568 ) and I will be glad to do so . I do expect to be in the office on Monday - hopefully with a voice . --Sally
Sorry to cut the conversation short last night , but frankly I was in tears and it didn't make sense to continue the conversation . Certainly if you feel more comfortable staying at a hotel , you should do what you think is best for you . We will just be happy to have you with us for whatever time you feel is right for you . My reaction last night was simply shock , because we had never discussed your staying at a hotel during this visit . And your lead in to the conversation with "you know we are staying at a hotel..." , was such a surprise . Yes , you stayed at a hotel when you were here for Thanksgiving , but that was with Cindy , Richard , Brigeda , Chris and Cara staying in our home as well . With just the two of you , and since you had said nothing to the contrary , I assumed that you would be in our home . What you couldn't know , of course , is the caring time that I have taken over the last several weeks to complete a refresh of the guest room , all with the timing based on having it ready for the two you for this weekend . But it was this special effort for your visit that made it particularly surprising and then disappointing to me that you will stay at a hotel . I had it down to the details of new hangers for the closet , a real bed instead of just a frame , I ironed sheets on Sunday night ( something that I never do for us! ) and have my framer on a tight turn-around on reframing some family pictures to complete a wall in the guest room . Certainly other guests can enjoy these things , too , but my timing on everything was to make the room even more comfortable and complete for you by the time of your visit . I have certainly gotten comfortable today with the idea that you will stay in the hotel , and again , whatever is best for you . Sounds as if we should make that the "norm" from this point forward , and then expectations will be set ahead of time for everyone . I do hope that you can come in time for lunch on Friday . I am planning to take the day off from work , and the plan was that David would join us so that the four of us could have lunch at Champions . David has taken some office space near Champions , and we had planned to show you that as well . Then we can rest ( you can to do that at the hotel , if that is better for you) , before having our nails done at 4:00 . But again , whatever works best for you . Just let us know . --Sally
I won't be able to attend the meeting on Friday . I have an eye doctor's appointment at 9:30 , so it is also unlikely that I will be able to call in , unless I am pleasantly surprised and he is running on time ! I will take the dial in number with me to the appointment in the event that I am somewhere in the process that allows me to dial in . --Sally
I worlked with Jeff Gosset , Stacey White and Bob Hall today on their input for proposed promotions for Operations . Tana Cashion has the recommended names and salary increases . Do you need anything else ? Description of their respoinsibilities , rationale for promotion recommendation , etc. ? Let me know . I mentioned to Tana that letters had been given to both Jeff Gossett and Bob Superty in late November or December stating that they would be promoted from Director to Senior Director at the first of the year . We have Jeff covered , but with the change in Bob Superty's reporting relationship , I want to be certain that his promotion doesn't fall through the cracks . Tana was somehow unaware of these letters , although they were prepared by HR . As you review the entire list of proposed promotions , please be check to make sure that Bob Superty's name was submitted by Scott Neal for a promotion . Thanks . --Sally
Doing fine - still in the boat . At what is truly the eleventh hour , I seem to be getting calls about taking the Netco operations role . Despite my statement of disinterest , there are those who would like to have one more conversation when the purchaser is known and a real role could be discussed . I have met with Fallon several times over the last several days , but each meeting has specifically focused on information needs for E&Y relative to the estate or conference calls related to the transition services agreement with Netco . Jim seems busy with these issues . I am meeting with Janet D . tomorrow morning at 8:00 to give her an update on an infrastructure plan . I have Bob Hall researching the details and status of the Peoples JV , Bridgeline and wholesale and retail power positions in California ( he is coordinating with Beth Apollo and team on the retail side) . These details will help us flesh out the right support if these are some of the first assets that will be managed to create a go-forward company . I enjoyed the dinner Tuesday night and had the opportunity to visit over dinner with a couple of people that I had not known before . Seems like a good group . --Sally
Anything we can do on this ? Thanks . --Sally
Where are we on decisions on promotions ? Last time I asked , it was under consideration . Kevin has a good idea here . Can you give us an update ? Thanks . --Sally
You have mentioned several times that we would talk about the organization to support wholesale , but the opportuntity to do so hasn't materialized . We have had meetings about specific issues , but have not generally discussed how we will manage the Estate going forward . What role do you envision that I will play ? Can you make time to discuss that on Monday ? I have talked with Delainey about providing infrastructure for NewCo , and had independently come to the conclusion that we must manage mid and back office for all estate activities ( liquidating activities and building activities ) in one group to provide the best coverage and flexibility for resources . With the still anticipated spin-off of Netco , I have created a plan to reorganize the operations teams' efforts . I will be glad to share that with you as we work jointly on the infrastructure to service all estate needs . --Sally
John: I got the e-mail last night with the tabs for the breakdown of the current 184 for Operations , inclusive of Power and Gas Logistics . ( The tabs total 184 with one Associate noted on a separate line in Power Logistics , and 183 without that Associate , so I don't know whether you are using 183 or 184 currently for the Operations total. ) Taking this number to 100 in total is obviously a big change - 45.6% reduction . At this moment , I don't know how feasible that is . But I will work with Jeff , Stacey and Leslie to find out . We need some questions answered first to go through this: 1 ) Who is coordinating the look at headcount reductions for Gas and Power Logistics ? Together , those groups represent 25% of the 184 headcount . Going in , I would asssume that they would take their proportionate share of reductions - should be 21 reductions . We need to know who we should work with to coordinate this . Need names and weekend contact numbers . 2 ) What will the overall headcount be for Netco ? What we need to know is how many gas and power traders there will be and whether or not their anticipated business scope changes . If commercial numbers don't change and the business scope doesn't change , a 45.6% reduction is probably out of the question . 3 ) Is the 100 number for Operations only a start-up number ? Could we anticipate adding staff as business ramps up , approval is obtained for physical gas business , etc. ? Or is the 100 number intended to be the total headcount for all of 2002 ? 4 ) What are UBS' expectations for mid and back office ? What are the views from Legal and UBS on creating confirmations for EOL transactions ? There were some discussions with Leslie Reeves about not confirming certain types of transactions . One firm , and I don't remember whether it was UBS or not , mentioned that we might not be the confirming agent on transactions , and that instead we would review third party paper prepared for confirmations . That is a completely different activity than we normally engage in , and would make a difference in staffing - perhaps requiring more people ! We need to know those things from UBS to take a real stab at a revised number . Should we just pool our knowledge from various discussions that have been had with UBS , or is there someone with UBS that we should be talking with this weekend to get there view of what is required ? 5 ) Does the internal RAC group go forward under a headcount reduction - i.e . will we be coordinating and providing information to them , or will UBS assume some of their functions ? This may impact our staffing needs . What about consolidated risk reporting - will Stacey and Jeff simply transmit data to UBS , or Netco have to provide some consolidated risk reporting before sending info to UBS ? We may have more questions , but these are key now to get at a feasible number . --Sally
I have left John a message about the e-mail . No response yet . Will call Leslie , Stacey and Jeff as soon as I finish breakfast .
Happy for Hector and Laura to attend . --Sally
Congratulations on a job done well in a short period of time . Your note of thanks to everyone was a nice one . I am sure that the team appreciates your leadership . --Sally
Did the numbers that we gave you yesterday on Operations hold up after your meeting with UBS ? Amy Fitzpatrick is calling me to get names . Our primary focus yesterday was on number of positions . We identified names in most cases , but not all . Before that is finalized and I pass names along to Amy , I wanted to know if we were okay with the numbers . Please let me know . Names can be finalized this afternoonis we are set on numbers . --Sally Cell: 713-417-1591
Thanks . --Sally
1 ) I believe that Tom Martin is talking with Chris Germany about taking the logistics role for the Texas region with Daren's planned departure . Please coordinate with Tom and Bob Superty on where they are in this process of replacing Daren . 2 ) I am not sure that I know what database you are referencing . He is on the current proposed org chart for Netco Energy Operations under Operational Databases ( part of the Documentation team) . It is correct that his name is on the list that I provided to you yesterday . Let me know if you have any other questions . --Sally
1 ) Did you add to the numbers that Jeff and I reviewed with you on Sunday ? You had mentioned folding in some analysts and associates - did you do that ? UBS was asking me about numbers today , and I wanted to be consistent with the answers . 2 ) What about Calgary ? You were going to ask Rob M . to have Peggy Hedstrom coordinate over the weekend . Didn't hear from her . Are you handling this through Rob ? Or do you want me to include Calgary operations in the final org chart for Netco Operations ? --Sally
That was my third or fourth time at Ibeza - I have enjoyed it each time . It is a great place for outside dining when the weather works for that . --Sally
FYI
LeMetrice is either a director or senior director under Jenny - kind of a second in command . She worked extensively on the original 2002 budget for Infrastructure and put together some data on functions within the Infrastructure group that gave a somewhat layman's explanation of the various services provided . We have already gone through the process of rebudgeting dollars and headcount for 2002 , post bankruptcy and December 2 lay offs , and with the projected Netco spin off . It is likely that LeMetrice has all of those details . So despite a somewhat short answer from Jenny , she was actually on target to refer you to her . -Sally
Thanks for your nice note . While the journey has been interesting , to say the least , I am very excited about what we can do and committed to the effort . I am glad that we will be able to continue working together . --Sally
Your info is right - although I do hope that all is not dark . Wouldn't have imagined this outcome two weeks ago . But when Bob Hall removed his name from the Netco list , timing was critical in working with potential purchasers in the auction process . There wasn't anyone else to step in , so I did so just to help coordinate the due diligence effort and the transition . I spent many hours with the UBS operations team last week , and they are the ones who decided that they wanted me to take the role . It was the time that I spent with the UBS team that changed my mind about considering the role . My reporting relationship will be to the head of American operations in Stamford , CT . I am quite impressed with him . The further negative news here was a factor as well . Should be interesting . --Sally
The best list of operations employees involved in UBS Warburg Energy is the executed offer letters and employment agreements that have been turned in . I also have an up-to-date org chart . Can we reconcile your distribution list with this org chart ? I would like to get his right . --Sally
Don't know what works best with your schedule . Ernie Pitterelli ( head of Operatins for UBS Americas ) will be here on Monday and Tuesday and one of the things that we will discuss is the risk roles - position rerporting and calculation of P&L . Ernie is targeting Tuesday to discuss Canadian operations , so it could be helpful for you to be here . What was Wes' response ? --Sally
Today was parent/teacher conference day at Tyler's preschool and I had signed up for the 9:00 am slot . Sorry that I couldn't make the meeting . I had asked Bob Hall to attend in my place - I know that he also had an 8:30 am meeting related to retention , so I don't know whether or not he made it to your meeting . What is your calendar like for drinks next week ? --Sally
Great - I will look forward to seeing you next week . --Sally
FBI agents have parked in my reserved parking spot in the new Enron garage Wednesday through Friday this week ( #450) . The spot is clearly marked reserved , and as you know it is money out of my pocket for that reserved space . I have left a polite note on the intruding car on Thursday and Friday , asking that the Reserved status be observed , as there are many unused , non-reserved parking spaces in the garage . I have put up with this for 3 days . If the FBI will be back here next week , however , I will grow tired of this . Is there some way to communicate with them so that they observe the Reserved parking spaces ? I know that you have bigger issues at hand , but my concern is that if their visits to the building are extended , that I will be paying for a Reserved parking space that I never get to use ! Thanks . --Sally
Declines in Houston and replacements are noted below: Declined Replaced by Chris Chang ( Financial Settlements ) Gordon Heaney Kelli Little ( Gas Risk Management ) Matt Olney Anna Kulic ( Gas Risk Management ) Monte Jones Susan Scott ( Gas Scheduling ) Shannon Groenwald I do not have updated information on acceptances or declines from Portland or Calgary Operations at this time . --Sally
Let's coordinate on needs for confirmations and settlements . Can someone on your team specify what their needs will be ? Then we can determine the best method to obtain the machines . I will have copies of the floor plans for 5 and 6 sometime this morning -- we should determine best placement for these . --Sally
FYI - While I simply received an assessment from Jenny , there is obviously a listing of equipment that exists . Looks as if Paige Cox on Jenny's team would be the person to get with on this . --Sally
Mark , As you requested , below is a list of my major accomplishments for the year . 1 . Resolution/management of pre-litigation and litigation matters , including: Dwayne Hart/Utilicorp; Satterwhite; Barrington; Race/Statoil; Ross Malme; Rick Blandford; West Boettcher; Anita Suson; Charlie Weymms; Steven Cuneo; others . 2 . Efficient management of drafting , negotiating , revising , and completing several types of contracts in numerous different jurisdictions ( e.g. , almost 200 employment agreements , 35 separation agreements , and 30 consulting services agreements) . 3 . Lead attorney on Project One ( which involves issues surrounding the OFCCP's "glass ceiling" audit of ENA and all of Enron) . 4 . Labor and employment transactional support , including: East Coast Power , Ecogas , CGas , Project Hurricane , Columbia , Project Grizzly , Las Vegas Cogen , and other acquisitions that involve the transfer or hiring of personnel . Many of these transactions require extensive legal support relating to personnel matters after closing . 5 . Legal support on labor ( union ) matters , including successful closing of project labor agreements for the construction of generation assets ( e.g. , Pittsburg , 2000 peakers , Pastoria) , Unfair Labor Practice matters , training on union-related issues in M&A's . Let me know if you need any more information , and thanks for your support ! Michelle
Greg , we live very close to you ! We have to get together soon . I have sent you an invitation to our New Year's Day party , and I hope you can come . By the way , congrats on all the success and good press on Fusion . It is well deserved ! Merry Christmas ! Michelle
Gary , would you please send me by email the telecommuting policy and the agreement for telecommuters ? Thanks a lot . Michelle
Jeff , here is information from Jon Chapman . Let's discuss when you have a chance to review it . Michelle Michelle , Further to our discussion on Tuesday ,  I am very happy to proceed on the basis of Jeff Dodd's draft Agreement (  and draft Data Protection Policy ) .  Can you ask him to prepare a final version and let us have it ,  please . The EU "Data Exporter" entities are as follows:- UK Enron Europe Limited ( also Italy )  Enron Power Operations Limited Enron Teesside Operations Limited Enron Direct Limited Enron Engineering Services Caxios Limited Norway and Sweden Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp . Germany Enron Energie GmbH Finland Enron Finland Energy OY Spain Note that Norway is not a member of the EU but ,  as a member of the European Economic Area ,  should be treated as an EU member for these purposes . I look forward to hearing from you . Thanks . Jon
Twanda , would you please check my calendar and book me yes if I am available ? Thanks a lot . Michelle
I think we should have someone from the tax group also attend this meeting -- contact Jordan Mintz for the appropriate representative since he and I have discussed this issue already . Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Twanda , would you please save these to my form directory and print them out for me ? Thanks a lot . Michelle
Twanda , please make this a form and save . Thanks a lot . Michelle
Danny , I received another call from the lawyers interested in learning information about Chapparro . Any information ? Michelle
Twanda , please calendar . Thanks a lot! ! Michelle
If there are going to be revisions to the leave policy , I suggest that we make major ones , including a segregation of FMLA leave from other types of leave --i.e. , two separate policies . Let's talk about this on Tuesday ----- Majorly important! ! Michelle
Privileged & Confidential David , As far as I can tell , Mike McCall is not under a current employment agreement . I sent you a draft agreement for him on December 2 , 1999 , and have heard nothing more about the status of that agreement . I do not have any other information about the terms of his employment ( salary , options , etc.) . Let me know if you would like any other information from me . Michelle
Jeffrey , Thanks for the "thanks." Also , thanks to you for the big wine bucket . We used it at our New Year's Day party , and it worked great . I must admit , though , that I still don't understand the purpose of the round thing that goes in the bottom . I heard that Nathan took 30 steps the other day . That is awesome! ! I know that you are thrilled . Cameron's birthday party will be March 18 at 3:30 at Gymboree . If your kids will be able to attend , let me know . Talk to you later -- gotta go now . Michelle
Richard , have you been involved in this ? Robert Knight asked about it . Thanks a lot . Michelle
Mark , Unfortunately , I do not know anything about EcoElectrica . I contacted Michelle Blaine at the former EI ( thinking that there was some confusion between Blaine and Cash) . Her assistant contacted me and said that , apparently , Coralina Rivera at the former EI has information about Eco Electrica in Puerto Rico . I have left Coralina a message indicating that you are looking for information about EcoElectrica and requesting that she contact you directly . Let me know if I can do anything further on this matter . Michelle
Thanks for the consideration -- I did not expect much . Also , I have faxed you my comments on response to Malme's motion to extend time to designate experts . The comments should be self-explanatory . Call me with any questions -- or have Tim call me . Thanks . Michelle
Kerry , Based upon your review of the attached , is there any way that one of our subsidiaries could decline to include bargaining unit personnel in receipt of this benefit ? Let me know asap . Thanks a lot ! Michelle
FYI . Michelle
Kate , here is the latest on Elektro . Michelle
Twanda , please get this on my calendar . Michelle
TWanda , please calendar and then make a file entitled "Employees in Right Company" and give to me on the date of the meeting . Thanks a lot . MHC
David , As we discussed , Mark Haedicke and I discussed the possibility of providing Kevin McConville with some sort of indemnity in order to make sure that he remains available and cooperative during the pendency of the NSM case and other litigation matters . We could agree to enter into a Consulting Services Agreement with Kevin . The terms of that Agreement would include: 1 . He agrees to be available and cooperative with Enron and its counsel regarding litigation matters . He will agree to meet with counsel , prepare for testimony , review documents , testify , and provide other assistance , as needed . 2 . Through February 1 , 2001 , Kevin would not be directly compensated for this cooperation/testimony ( because he is to be receiving his salary pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement) . After Feb.1 , 2001 , he will be paid a rate of $125 per hour for his services in this regard . 3 . Enron would agree to indemnify Kevin for his conduct taken in the ordinary course and scope of his employment with Enron , up to the last date of his employment with Enron . Excluded from this indemnity would be allegations or claims based upon the following: -- any conduct that is outside the course and scope of Kevin's employment , -- any conduct violating policies of Enron or ENA , -- Kevin's intentional acts , -- Kevin's gross negligence , -- Kevin's reckless conduct , -- conduct that is in violation of any law , statute , regulation , or other legal obligation , or -- the commission of an unlawful or illegal act . 4 . Kevin would invoice Enron for time spent in performing the services after 2/1/01 . The invoice would be paid within 30 days of receipt . In addition , all related expenses would be reimbursed throughout the term of the agreement . Let me know if you have any questions or require additional information . I am available to participate in your call with him , if you would like me to attend . Michelle
Twanda , could you please check to see if we have this ? Thanks . Michelle
Gene and Susan , Here is the draft award agreement for the plan . Let me know if you have comments . I will be getting with Brian Bloom this week with our comments to the plan document . Michelle
TWanda , we need an amendment to this agreement . Would you please do the form ? Thanks . Michelle
John , Would you confirm ( via a new email that I can print for my files ) you have had the conversations with Dan Bruce , etc . about Entelligence that I scripted for you in a prior email ? Thanks a lot . Michelle
FYI . Michelle
Ok , you told me nothing , so I am clueless as to what is creating the distress . Maybe we can chat later . We will not be in Austin in the next few months . We are going to San Antonio the first weekend in March , as well as the first week in April . The first trip is for a wedding between two friends of Trey from Rice MBA who are marrying each other . The other is for the Enron law conference , which is Wed.-Friday . We are not taking Cameron on either of those trips ( party time!!) , so we will be rushing back to Houston right afterwards . I am working with Butch Hayes at F&J . I haven't been too involved in the matter because it is not an Enron subsidiary , but from what I can tell , I like him . Any additional insight , if necessary , would be great . Too bad you weren't in Houston a couple of weeks ago . But , it probably would have been a sad time for all of you , and it sounds like you don't really need that right now . If you visit us , we promise to be cheerful and frivolous if you need it -- not that acting that way is too much of a chore for me . Plus , Cameron acts like a 2-year-old , which is a delight . He started at a new school a few weeks ago ( The Post Oak School -- a Montessori school about a block from our house) , and he is really coming into his own . It is amazing how much my world has both grown and shrunk since he was born . Little things like seeing a squirrel in the back yard have become major events ( don't even get me started on helicopters) . On the other hand , I feel this enormous responsibility and desire to make sure that all is right with the world . Quite an awesome sense of obligation and discovery combined . Enough waxing philosophical . I've got to get out of here at some point , so I'd better get back to work . Later . M
Kate and Felicia -- that org chart was from me . I thought there was an enclosure note . Sorry ! Michelle
Twanda , would you please make this a form entitled "Canada Release" and then draft one for John Gorman ? I'll fill in the blanks . Thanks . MHC
David , FYI . Let me know if you have any comments , which I will give to Dawn . I'll review it and get back with Dawn .
Yikes!!! ! I can understand your preoccupation with those issues out there . I am sure that you are all "talked out" about it , but if you need an empathetic ear , give me a buzz . Talk to you later . Michelle PS I saw Julie Parraguirre last night , and she told me to say hello . She is going to be teaching at the same school that Cameron attends !
Great . Our only plans are that we have tickets to the ballet on Saturday night . If you want to attend , let me know , and we will get tickets . It is Cleopatra -- a world premier -- and it should be entertaining . I understand if you don't want to join us , though . Ballet isn't for everyone . Let me know . Michelle
Twanda , please print this out and also print out the consulting services agreement form for my review with this . Thanks . MHC Hello . Do you think this should be included in our consulting agreement form ? Michelle
Twanda , would you please make this change to all forms ? Thank you . Michelle
Twanda , please print all these . Thanks . Michelle
Thanks for the draft . Delaware is the proper state . I thought the deferral information was sent to you already . There is no "plan" document per se . Instead , there is a description of the program . I will re-send that to you today if you don't already have it . Please contact my assistant , Twanda Sweet , for a time to have a conference call on the other question . My morning today is wild; tomorrow probably is better . Thanks . Michelle
Tony , the lawyer's name is Gary Herrmanns at Orrick . His number is 415-773-5451 . Thanks for the message about Trey ! Michelle
Just when you thought it was safe .  .  .  I have received a question from NEPCO about Project 50 . Apparently , they have temporary employees who work on projects and then leave the company . These are hourly employees who do not work regularly . Originally , these employees were thought to be included in the scope of Project 50 by corp . Mike Indivero called me and said that these people should not receive the 50 options because they are not "regular , full-time or regular part-time employees" as described in the memo from the Office of the Chairman . What are your thoughts on that ? Should they be included or not ? My reading of the email to all employees is that it does not include temporary employees . Do you know how other temporary employees were treated ? Let me know what you think . Thanks , as always . Michelle
Drew , At one point , we had mentioned the idea of having services agreements among Corp . and the various business units that are using shared services . I think that these agreements should be put into place sooner rather than later as we begin to move towards shared services across the organization . Let me know if you would like me to prepare the drafts of these agreements or revise agreements that currently are in existence ( if there are none , then we really need to put some in place) . Thanks . Michelle
Twanda , please save this as a form . Thanks . MHC
Please print the email and the attachments . Thanks . MHC
Pat , here are the draft plan documents . Any comments would be appreciated . Michelle
Here it is . Michelle
Twanda , please save under Japanese labor law memo and print for me . Thanks . Michelle
John , Do you have any comments on this letter ? Rick and I would like to send it out soon . Thanks . Michelle
TWanda , please print and then save the attachment as HR Confidentiality /Non-Solicitation agreement -- print for my review and editing . Thanks a lot . MHC
I spoke with Corporate Compensation yesterday ( Kim Bolton ) about the option of paying for stock options/phantom stock with proceeds from the EIP incentive plan . She is working on obtaining approval for that provision . Otherwise , I believe that we are ready to review a final version of the plan . Jeanne , could you please circulate one ? I'll be in San Antonio for the law conference the rest of the week , but this process should not wait for me . Once corporate comp gives it the ok , we should be ready to finalize it . Michelle Cash
Tara , You are right -- those changes were not included . For Vice President level employees , corporate comp.does not promote guaranteed performance bonuses . The request that he be able to "get out" of his employment contract if he is not promoted also is not something that we can do; otherwise , it will undermine the enforceability of our non-competes across the board . I spoke with David Oxley on both of those points , and he concurred that these changes could not be made . Michelle
Call me if you have any questions . I hope this is better late than never ! Michelle
Elspeth , do we want to do a new agreement , or simply assume the obligations in the old one ? If the former , I'd do a new agreement . If the latter , I believe I simply can do an assignment agreement , once I receive a copy of the current agreement . It also depends on the language in the old one , and whether we believe it protects ENA . So , we'd have to look at it . Sharon , do you have the file on this person ? If so , let me know , and I will have someone come and pick it up . Thanks . Michelle
FYI re: FMLA policy
Jeff , What is the status of the document ? I expect that Jon will be calling me any day . Thanks . Michelle
Twanda , please save this in whatever power point directory you have . Then , print for me to revise for a presentation to Energy Operations for Norma . Save this one , though , because the one I am going to use for Energy Ops will be much shorter , and this one has good stuff in it ! Thanks . Michelle
Kerry , thanks for this -- wow , is it long ! Michelle
FYI
How is the research going on whether we can set up the plan the way we want to ? My understanding is that you were going to do some research for us . Thanks . Michelle
Please keep your file open . We still are talking with her , and probably will need additional revisions to the document , as well as your advice and counsel . Thanks . Michelle
Felicia , In general , you are correct that the salary basis test must be met before someone can be classified as exempt . However , because there are certain exceptions to the salary basis test ( for example , licensed attorneys do not have to meet that test) , it depends on what the employees are doing as to whether this situation creates a problem under the FLSA . My recommendation would be to obtain information about the jobs performed by these 29 employees so that we can determine whether there is an issue . If they do not fit within one of the exceptions , we probably should have them affirmatively report time so that hours worked over 40 can be paid at the overtime rate . You would use the hourly rate they are paid to determine the overtime rate . If they are not working over 40 hours in a week , it will not be an issue . Let me know if you have questions . Michelle
Sylvia/Sharon: I assume that copies will be provided to me and Kriste as well . I would appreciate the opportunity to review them . Thanks . Michelle
Rick , are you on this , or should I get on it ? Michelle
TWanda , please print for me . Thanks . Michelle
FYI . Michelle
Hi , Charla , I have reviewed the additional fields you described . Most of them look fine with me . I do have some concerns with the questions about birthplace , citizenship , personal travel , and reason for return from prior assignment . The questions about birthplace/citizenship are the most risky . As I have discussed with others , such questions could create issues of national origin discrimination , particularly if one's birthplace country is not evident from any other source . It also could create a privacy issue if we are asking questions that are not job-related and consistent with business necessity . What is the purpose of this inquiry ? Are we trying to determine whether a person is eligible to work in a particular country ? If so , it appears that birthplace and citizenship are not the answers that we need . We already have a field on where a person is eligible to work , which would cover the situation where a person has citizenship in one country , but is on a work visa to another . Any other information may not be necessary . The question about reasons for returning from leave also could unearth information that we really don't want to keep on a system . For example , if a person left because of health reasons , or the birth of a child .  .  .  it really is not a job-related issue . What is the purpose of this question ? Is there a less intrusive way to ask it ? Finally , the question about countries visited for personal reasons also is asking information that is not job-related . What is the purpose of that inquiry ? Is there another way to gather that information ? Let me stress that none of these inquiries is unlawful -- some of them may be unwise for the reasons I cited above . If you would like to discuss this further , please give me a call . Michelle
I inadvertently forgot to "Reply to All" when I sent this response to Michelle
T: Would you please set up a meeting with Shanna ? Thanks . mhc
Twanda , would you please print for my review ? Thanks . MHC
T: Would you please print this and attached and file in BP amoco file ? Thanks . MHC
FYI . Michelle
Jon , it was attached to the bottom of his prior email , which I will resend to you right now . MHC
Any idea why they did this ? Michelle
David , on point 2 , that type of arrangement has to be approved by the Enron Executive Committee . Let me know if you want a copy of the note describing that process , which was sent by Cindy Olson a few weeks ago . Michelle
We are in the process of promulgating a data protection policy . It should be out in the next few weeks . It addresses all of those privacy , etc . issues . Let me know if you would like a copy of the draft policy . MIchelle Enron North America Corp .
We should get it today; I'll messenger it over when it arrives . mhc
FYI . I have sent them a copy of the draft policy . I think it will address their concerns . Michelle
That was sent to you by messenger . Getting it notarized may take a long time -- is it necessary ? Michelle
Cindy , FYI regarding the labor/employment lawyer for EBS -- according to Sharon , she was asked to be point person for EBS . I'll let you know when I talk with Mark , which should be early next week upon his return from London . Have a great weekend ! Is Chelsea giving you a mother's day gift ? Michelle
Twanda , would you please print this for me ? Thanks . MHC--my printer is not working ( or maybe I haven't selected my local printer correctly )
FYI . Here is most of the information . Michelle
Twanda , could you please start Consulting Services AGreements for these entities ? I have asked Norma to get the rest of the information . Thanks . MHC
Mark , Do we need to say something about the fact that V&E is representing Ecogas and not the plan to ensure protection of the privilege ? MHC
Please print for me .  Thanks . MHC
Linda , great job!!! ! I am happy with that result . It makes things much easier . Have a great weekend . Michelle Please respond to lbroocks
I sent Milnthorp and Lemmons to you . I sent Brown to Tara Rozen in London . Clemmons final will go today . Do we need to talk about Josey and Thompson ? Michelle
Tara , perhaps the Brown contract should have gone to Melissa instead of you -- sorry . Could you please let me know if I need to re-route or do anything else on that agreement ? Oxley is anxious for it to get to him . thanks . Michelle
John , Thanks for including me on the distribution of this -- I received your voice mail and was glad to be in the loop . In general , we try to avoid any type of personality/psych testing because of issues relating to the Americans with Disabilities Act , which prohibits pre-employment medical testing . It does apply to US citizens working for Enron in foreign locations ( i.e . extraterritorially) . Before we go forward and do this type of testing , it is useful to ascertain the purpose/goal of the tests . Why do they want this information ? Is there another , less intrusive , way to obtain that information ( e.g. , references from prior employers , etc.) ? As noted below , there may be Japanese labor/employment law issues that address this type of activity as well . I suggest that we obtain the information above as well as the opinion requested below and then determine how to proceed . Michelle
Welcome to the heat!! ! If you would re-send your resume to me , I'll re-send it to my contacts here in town and let them know that you now are available . I think I may have a firm that could use your skills ! Michelle Looks good to me , although I will have a new fax number soon . I will ask Twanda to send it to you once I know what it is . Michelle
Very good response!! ! It struck the right chord , I thought . MHC
TWanda , would you please call them ? Thanks . MHC
Valeria , I will be out of town that day and cannot attend . I will provide feedback via the feedback forms . Michelle
FYI
Twanda , here is more information about the project for Baxter . Michelle
could you please print these attachments in color ? Thanks . MHC
Bryce , I am not comfortable with bringing someone in without an agreement . I should have a draft to you this afternoon at the latest , so it should not be a problem for the person to start tomorrow . I will ask my assistant , Twanda , to send you the confidentiality agreement that we require all contract personnel to sign so that you can get it to the person for signature today . Michelle
Pete , I learned today of a deal involving a newsprint plant in New Jersey , which you are running from the legal side . Are there any issues involving personnel or labor involved in this deal ? If so , I would appreciate your getting me in the loop as early as possible . Thanks . Michelle
FYI , I just learned that Jeff Golden is going to work for EES . Michelle
Twanda , I will have inserts to the two agreements for Bryce Baxter from this document . Michelle
Twanda , would you please print this for me ? I will need to have it executed . Thanks . MHC
Twanda , we need executables . Michelle
Talk with Mary McKendrey ( may be spelled wrong) , or Pam Butler in corporate comp .
Right now , I am .  This meeting may take more than an hour , though . Michelle PS , I think Pat Mackin should be included in this , if he is not already . MHC
Linda , I haven't looked at the pleading , but it should be fine if it is simply a nonsuit with prejudice . Thanks for your help on this . MHC Please respond to lbroocks
Here is the thing I have edited . Michelle
test
not yet . mhc
MHC
Twanda , would you please print this and attachment ? THX----- Forwarded by
I got this email . My address is Michelle.Cash@enron.com . We're going to San Antonio tomorrow and then to Austin for a few days . It will be nice to get away . See ya ! Michelle
Twanda , would you please print this and also the attachment -- with the notes ? Thanks . MHC
Hi , Kelly , Yes , I probably am the person to contact on this . In fact , I am getting ready to circulate a draft data protection policy that would put Enron in compliance with EU directives . Look for it in the next few days ! Michelle
Hi , Linda . I am not surprised; she sent me an email , too . I was out on vacation last week , so I only gave Kim my feedback early this week . I hope that ELM has received the response by now . Let me know if I need to do anything else . Michelle
Kim , what day ?
great news !
Don't worry about it ! Of all people , I understand about schedules being tight . Good luck with the post-trial work . Michelle
Trey , I want to go .  .  .  I wonder if that is possible . Let's talk about it . M
Alan , I just called our counsel on this matter this morning to find out the status . I believe that Cline has different counsel now , and I will find out about this asap . Michelle
I don't know anything about this ! MC
Do you know anything about this for Ecogas ? Michelle Cash
Kerry , What are your thoughts on this issue ? Michelle Michelle , We have had a couple of interpretations as to how to calculate the overtime for employees who receive a shift differential and wanted to ask for assistance from you . The problem we are having deals with employees who rotate shift . Please review the following scenario . For a simple example with an ee at $10/hour and shift of $1/hour for the Night ( N ) shift . Interpretation 1 The shift differential would be added to his pay to determine the regular rate of pay and his pay would be calculated as follows: REG $400 SHIFT 16 Interpretation 2 Since his overtime was during a day shift , his pay would be calculated as follows: REG $400 SHIFT 16 Can you please let us know which interpretation is correct or if we have totally missed the boat on both of them ? Thanks for your help , Diane
David , I am with you . In fact , I sent this issue to outside counsel earlier this week because I simply wasn't able to get to it due to the issues surrounding the latest reorg/redeployment efforts . I expect an answer by Monday or Tuesday . Sorry I forgot to let you know about the status . Michelle
Kerry , this is the second of two messages . Do you have any thoughts ? Michelle Michelle - Can you review the following examples as well ? USO means unscheduled overtime , UPG means upgrade and the UO1 means Upgrade Overtime . If I should be forwarding these to someone else , please let me know . Thanks , Diane
I am with you . In fact , I sent these questions to outside counsel early this week because I simply have not had time to focus on them given everything else that is going on . I expect an answer by early next week -- I hope Monday . Sorry about not letting you know where this was .  .  .  .  Michelle
Twanda , could you please handle this if you haven't already ? Thanks ! M Here is his form b date . mhc
Twanda , please print . Thanks . MHC
Gerry , should Sharon Butcher and Kriste Sullivan be included in the distribution list ? I would think so , now that we are back to "normal" staff meetings . Michelle
Gene , What is the status of the ProNexxus situation ? Have we received anything from them ? If not , they are very shortsighted ! Michelle
Kim , Have you asked Brian to review it as well ? I think his input would be valuable . Michelle
FYI .
Please print for me and put in my Japan file - please give me the file ! Thanks . Michelle
Jane , I was not involved -- I think Sharon was . Michelle
T: Please print these for me . Thanks . MHC
Twanda , if I am here , I would like to attend this lunch meeting . Thanks . Michelle
FYI . Michelle
David , I did keep these provisos in the final draft , which will come to you today . Michelle
Gina , check with Erin Knouff . I think she has it . Michelle
Philip , have you had a chance to pull this information together for me ? Let me know when you think you might have it . Thanks . Michelle
Thanks , Pat . I am sending you a copy of the opinion , which I got from the Daily Labor Report . Michelle
Beth , do you really need me there ? I haven't been involved in KAFUS at all . I'll be happy to go if needed . Michelle
I think it would be neat to hear from George Bush or George W . Bush . Thanks !
Twanda , would you please handle this ? Thanks . Michelle
Kim , to speed things up , it is a good idea to cc: Twanda on all emails regarding agreements . She can get it going if she reads it before I do . see you later . michelle
Twanda , would you please handle this ? Thanks . mhc
Please print this and attachment . Thanks a lot . Michelle
twanda , would you please print the email and the attachment for my review ? Thanks . mhc
Twadna , would you please print and then file Ecogas ( not due diligence file ) for me . Thanks a lot . Michelle
T; please print this and any attachments and file under "Japan -- Pre-Employment Testing." Thanks ! t: please print this and the attachment . Then , file under "Japan -- Pre-Employment Testing." thanks !
T: Please print and put in file "Japan -- PreEmployment Testing" thanks .
My information looks ok . Thanks . Michelle Cash
Twanda , please print this and attachment . Thanks . Michelle
Kelly , I am handling Mexico and Canada . Thanks . Michelle
Jennifer , Thanks for the email . Cameron is great . He loves his new school , even though it is not as "working parent friendly" as Cathedral House was . Cameron also loves fire engines ( and ambulances , and tow trucks , and bulldozers and . ... . )  . We took Cameron to the Bellaire EMS Open House a few weeks ago . He got to climb all over the fire engines and even get into the driver's seat and "drive." They also handed out plastic fireman's hats . He had a blast ! I look forward to having you back on 36; I'm moving there as soon as they get my phone/computer set up -- I'll spend half days there . See you later . Michelle
The questions are as follows: 1 . Has Enron provided Ecogas with such coverage for its non-Enron board members so far ? 2 . What is the general scope of such coverage ? Ecogas is a stand-alone company . Enron owns about 85 percent of its stock and has three people on its Board . I hope that helps . Michelle
Shelly , because he should have received this much sooner , we should hand deliver the check as soon as we get it from AP if it is not done through direct deposit . If it is , then mailing the pay advice is ok . Thanks . Michelle
Scott , would you be available in the next couple of weeks to meet with me and some of the HR reps regarding follow-up for employees who leave the company ? I would like us to be proactive in those situations . Let me know your availability . Thanks . Michelle x36401 .
Hector , Where are we with regard to the investigation into this matter ? I know that you've got a lot going on , and I didn't want that one to fall through the cracks . Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Privileged and Confidential In our meeting on Friday , we talked about the summary of complaints that you three are going to do . If possible , I would like to receive those by Tuesday night so that they can be reviewed on Wednesday . We are meeting with Beck/Olson on Thursday . Let me know if that is impossible -- I know you all are swamped with zillions of other things ! Thanks . Michelle
This works for me . This message may contain confidential information that is protected by the attorney-client and/or work product privileges . Michelle Cash Enron North America Corp . 1400 Smith Street Houston , Texas 77002
This is a test . This is only a test . Pat , fyi re: Evan Lovell's claim . Michelle
Dale , here it is . Michelle
Please handle . Thanks . Michelle
Please print this one only!!!! !
Trey , it looks like I may have to be in Portland for a mediation on July 27 -- with travel on the 26th and the 28th . Are you planning to be gone then , too ? If not , I'll schedule this trip ( wanna join me with CAC and spend the weekend?) . I hope you are having fun and not working too hard . Don't worry too much about me . Gwyn is coming over to join us for dinner tonight , and Kay is dropping by tomorrow -- she offered to watch Cameron if I needed to do stuff . I do miss you , though .
Mandy , Jane's language looks good . I would add one thing at the end: "Of course , receipt of an H1B visa transfer and/or permanent resident status will depend on whether the INS approves those applications." Michelle
I'll be happy to review it; please send it to me . mhc
Twanda , we need to revise Shankman's contract as described below . Thanks a lot! ! Michelle ( Memo to Oxley )
Pat , Given that the new AESOP has been approved by the comp . committee , do you think the language attached below should be revised ? ( Or , should I ask -- has it been revised?) . If so , would it be possible for you to revise for inclusion in offer letters , etc. ? Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Dawn , I have not seen a request form for his contract . I believe that Teresa Bien was working on it with Mark Haedicke . I am copying her on this email so that if I am mistaken , she can let me know . Thanks . Michelle
Fran , I am not sure that I ever had an executed document on the loans . By copy of this email , I am asking Twanda to send you what she has that has been signed by Dosier . I will let you fight the payment battles ! Michelle
Pat , thanks for the revisions to the AESOP language . I have another one for you . The attached is a proposed retention program for persons in HR who may be facing outsourcing . There is a need to incentivize these key personnel to stick around now and , if there is an outsourcing , to help with the transition . Your comments/thoughts would be appreciated . Thanks . Michelle
Here , at last , is the email response to the OT questions . I haven't had a chance to study it , but I am sending it "hot off the press" upon receipt by me . Let's discuss if there are any problems . Michelle
Here it is , you nabe . Michelle
Dave , I am available the 27th for mediation in the Evan Lovell case . Michelle
Tara , It is ok for Mark to sign this in lieu of David . Michelle
Margaret , thanks . My title , FYI , is Assistant General Counsel for Enron North America Corp . Thanks . Michelle
Kriste , which business unit would have handled this ? I would need to confirm with them on it . I have no problem with the dollar amount .
Would you please juggle the rest of my calendar to accommodate this ? I've got two meetings at that time to reschedule -- try Wednesday , or with Amy on Tuesday morning . Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Sheila , do you think we should meet with Rick Buy about this ? Or , should we talk about it without Rick and then respond accordingly ? The bottom line is , that the non-compete probably should stay as is , even in the case of RAC . Let's discuss . Michelle
Hector , what is this all about ? MHC
Scott , here is new language for the inclusion in the Japan agreement . It still is long , but it is more current . Let me know if you need any thing else at this time . Michelle
Enclosed is new language for offer letters regarding the AESOP . Let me know if you have any questions . Michelle
Kerry , I think I sent a letter and a check for partial payment last week . Let me know if you don't get it in the next few days . Michelle
Tara , We can make the salary retroactive as part of the contract . Have we already sent you executables ? If so , we can re-run with a provision that states , "Effective 3/1/00 , Employee's Monthly Base Salary shall be $xxxx." The effective date still can be 6/1 . Twanda , would you please make that change and run executables ? Thanks . Michelle
Dawn , did we ever ascertain whether Duke is being sued for fraud based upon his alleged conduct ? Michelle
Twanda , please print and then file -- GM/Labor Union
T: Please print this and attachment -- file in Japan file . Thanks . MHC T: Please print and file in Japan file . Thanks . MHC
T: Would you please print and file in Japan file ? Thanks . MHC
Twanda , please print this and file in Japan file . Thanks a lot . MHC
Michael , I met Amy today and look forward to working with her . Thanks for the heads up about her arrival here in the States . Michelle
Twanda , please print and file Japan file . Thanks . MHC
Charla , congrats and all the best in your new role . I know you will enjoy the opportunity ! Michelle
Jim , Thanks for this . Would you please let me know how much we owe ? Would you like to join us for the game ? Michelle FYI .
Hello , all . Please wait on including this language in the offer letters until we hear further on this issue . Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Twanda , please print for my review . Thanks . Michelle
Trey , FYI . MHC
Jim , If you are sure you don't want reimbursement , then thanks a lot!! ! I hope that you both can join us . If not , let's plan on another arrangement . We are planning to stay at the Doubletree Suites in/near Georgetown ( apparently , it is close to the Watergate) . It was way less expensive than the Embassy Suites we discussed the other day ( approx . $100 per night!) . We are renting a car , though , so we can get around wherever we need to -- or , of course , we can take the Metro . Talk to you later . Michelle
Privileged and Confidential -- Advice Covered by the Attorney-Client Privilege K2: I have copied this email to Sharon & Kriste , who are supporting the CALME region . My recommendation is to exclude contractors/consultants because their inclusion would increase the risk that they would be deemed to be employees , and that a court could determine that they are owed employee compensation and benefits ( a la Microsoft) . This exposure could be high . Depending on the other indicators of independent contractor status , rating them along side our employees could be a factor to tilt the balance . Let me know if you have any questions . Michelle
Dear Gretchen: Wow ! You are thinking ahead ! What is a Leap Pad ? Is it something computer related ? I have never heard of it . On our end , we have planned a trip to DC to visit Madison in August -- nice and hot by then . We just got word that we have tix to the Orioles game while we are there , so that is good . We got new furniture in the living room -- a chocolate brown suede/leather sofa and chair/ottoman . It amplified the need for bright art in that room -- to the galleries and starving artists sales we go ! Stay cool -- Michelle
Don , I tried to call you this evening , but unfortunately missed you . I am available in the afternoon tomorrow . Please call my assistant , Twanda Sweet , to confirm a time . Her extension is 3-9402 . Thanks . Michelle
Rhonna , you know there's an espeak with Cindy Olson on Friday at 10:00 , right ? Perhaps that should be advertised in the floor meeting .  .  .  .  Michelle
Trey , Unfortunately , I do not know of any position at Enron that would be available . I think that Bracewell may be looking for people , as might Littler , Mendelson . I hope that helps . Michelle
Matt , Thanks for your email . I believe that there is an agreement in place between ENA and Enron Expat Services . In general , the contract is between ENA and the employee , if the person is an expat . The assignment letter covers the employee's transfer to Expat Services . We haven't usually amended/assigned the agreement over to Expat Services , because the payroll/benefits , etc . are through ENA . If there are changes to his ENA agreement , it is very easy for me to do them , and I am happy to handle it . If Mr . Slovenski is a VP level or above employee ( I simply cannot remember right now) , then Executive Compensation needs to be involved . I hope this answers your questions . I have copied Sharon Butcher on this email because she has been involved with assignments/expats for several years . If you have further questions , please reply to both of us so that we can be aware of questions . Thanks a lot . Michelle
Brian , Would you or someone in your group please investigate the allegations raised by Janeth Rodriguez-Philhower ? Based upon her voice mail message , there is a strong possibility of litigation . Your investigation into her allegations thus would be conducted in anticipation of litigation . Once you have conducted the investigation , please provide me with the results . Thank you . Michelle
Here is another opinion to support my earlier thoughts . Michelle
T: Please print this and attachments . Thanks . MHC
Thanks for the description . Last night , I asked Trey about it , and we went onto Amazon.com to look at it . It looks like a cool toy that Cameron would enjoy . FYI: the price at Amazon was way less than the price at etoys . As a matter of fact , I told Trey that it would be great to have it for our trip to DC in August ! But , we can wait til Christmas , so go ahead with your plans . Congrats on the furniture . I am sure that you will be happy with it and will love the new look . See ya . Michelle
Jane , I am glad that you knew the situation , as I was clueless ! Thanks . Michelle
FYI; I forgot to cc you ! Michelle
Brian , THANK YOU for taking a role in the rotation! ! Let me know if you need help with the script . Michelle Trey , would you please print this for me at home ? Thanks . M
Tara , if you didn't know , our phones/computer systems were down for a while . I think Twanda has sent this . Let me know if not . Michelle
FYI . Michelle
FYI: Tim O'Rourke has developed a new form for PIPs .
yes .
Dee , I left you a voice mail yesterday , but I wasn't sure if you were in . There is a new deal -- Project E2/Endeavor . It is in the preliminary stages , but the deal team ( led by Don Miller ) would like to have data regarding the average cost of Enron employee benefits , broken down by type of benefit , if possible . I assume that you would have that type of data and could forward it to Don and me . Let me know if I should be contacting someone else . Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Enron North America had some summer clerks this summer . Generally , we do not hire lawyers without significant legal experience ( i.e. , more than 6 years ) unless they have some extraordinary skills and abilities ( e.g. , someone with lots of Enron experience) . I hope that helps . Michelle
Twanda , please prepare a consulting agreement . Thanks . Michelle
Pam , I spoke with Rex through several voice mails early this week . I have initialed the agreement and sent it to Gene for signature . I expect that it has been signed already . Have a great holiday . Michelle
Twanda , what do we need to do with this information ? How do we get Emma paid ? Michelle
Hello ! Here is the latest draft on Garden State/Project Barbed Wire . As I mentioned to Dee , the agreement is due to be signed on Tuesday , 7/11 . Dee/Rick , I just learned that there are multi-employer plans for the unionized employees . I'll provide details as I learn them . I guess you can forward your comments to me , with a copy to Stuart Zisman . Thanks . Michelle
Pat , here is additional information about the transaction we have been working on . Of course , they are going to finalize tomorrow . I agree with your concerns about the tortious interference situation . Do you have any suggestions on mitigating that risk ? My thought would be to request an indemnity for the t.i . claim if it is received . Alternatively , we can ask for a waiver for all persons who are terminated and ask that the buyer be a beneficiary/waived party . Any ideas ? Michelle
Dee/Pat/Rick: Here is the diligence memo . Michelle
Amy , Is Patrick Chris Mallory located in Portland or in California ? If California , then he needs a slightly different agreement because non-competes are not enforceable in California . Let me know . ( I hope he is in Oregon! ) Thanks . Michelle
Pat , I am going to forward you a draft of an amendment to the employment agreement for Greg Whalley . I would appreciate your thoughts on the language , particularly the language in amended section 2.1b regarding the calculation of value for options/restricted stock . For some reason , I cannot attach it to this email , so I will have my assistant send it under separate email cover . Thanks a lot . Michelle
Pat , Thanks for your comments on the agreement . As an FYI , the stock awards already have been made , so we had to soften the language in the agreement to address that situation . I appreciate your other thoughts . Mary , could you or someone in your group help me in putting together an example as suggested by Pat ? Thanks . Michelle
Here's the latest . Michelle
I agree with Brian . I recently learned that someone can "hack" into the emeet site and pretend to be Jeff Skilling ( as I discussed with you , Brian , this morning) . So , we probably should start with that group to see if there are any gaps in the email system . I would suggest that someone from Net Works -- Roberto DeLeon or his crew-- would be the appropriate technical support for this endeavor . I agree with Brian that the focus should be on the impersonation of the office of the chairman and not the content of the email itself . I am happy to assist in any way you would like . Michelle
Privileged and Confidential This email contains legal advice and confidentiality should be maintained The attached memo describes a recent decision from the National Labor Relations Board regarding an employee's right to be "represented" by a co-worker or other person during a disciplinary meeting . Employees in unionized settings always have had this right , but it now has been extended by the NLRB's ruling . The ruling was contentious -- there were dissents -- and I expect it to be appealed quickly . Nonetheless , if an Enron employee wants to have someone sit in on a disciplinary meeting , please call me to discuss how to proceed before responding to that request . We want to be careful to avoid a finding of an unfair labor practice . Thanks . Michelle
Kristina , Attached is the letter we give to all persons who terminate from ENA voluntarily ( although I don't really know why we limit it to voluntary terminations -- I have to look into that) . I also will send you by messenger the draft letter to a company ( which I don't have on the system ) and the letter I sent to the individual we discussed . I hope these help . Let me know if you would like additional information . Michelle
t: please print for me . thanks . mhc t: please print for me . thanks . mhc
Amy , It looks like my presence in Portland is iffy at this point . There are other ways to do the training if you still want it asap . Otherwise , I can schedule it a few weeks from now . I'll give you the details as I confirm my situation with the Portland trip . Michelle
Privileged and Confidential Attorney-Client Communication This E-Mail Contains Legal Advice In the Barbed Wire Purchase Agreement is the provision that the Purchaser has 45 days to identify those employees of Company whom it would like the Company to terminate from employment prior to closing . The Seller is providing a limited indemnity for Purchaser's actions in selecting those employees . The indemnity expressly excludes claims against ENA for the selection of those employees . This indemnity thus excludes claims for discrimination on the basis of age , sex , race , religion , etc . The indemnity exclusion also could be interpreted to exclude claims for tortious interference . Thus , if ENA is going to exercise its right to select Company employees under that provision , ENA will assume the risk of claims by affected employees . I can assist you in identifying legal risks in the selection process and determining methods to manage the risks of those claims . Let me know if you would like to discuss this issue . Michelle Cash
Dick , Here are the details about the GPG PRC meeting . Please note that these people have not been involved in the process for very long and thus , this may not be the best example of how the process works . Nonetheless , it should give you a flavor of how it works . When you get to the Enron Building , please ask for me or my assistant , Twanda Sweet , and one of us will take you to the conference room . Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Twanda , could you please print for my review ? Thanks a lot ! MHC
t; please prnt for me thx
Ann , I am following up on the status of the research involving Section 6.4 of the SPA; specifically , what are the potential liabilities of Enron selecting persons for termination and providing those names to the Seller ? I would like to have this research asap because our time table is very short . Do you have any information on that ? Thanks . Michelle Cash
I will look closely at the sample letters to see whether there is any way to avoid the conclusion you have reached , which appears to be the correct one . I have a meeting right now , and will focus on it right after that -- I'll send another email once I've completed that review early this afternoon . Michelle
FYI , here is information relating to the voice mail I forwarded to you late Friday . I will be on vacation the dates they want to handle diligence , so one of you may need to handle it . Let's see what happens . .  .  Michelle
t: Please print for me . Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Scott , I would love to attend , except that I will be out of the office on vacation that whole week . It sounds like a great presentation ! Would you mind if I forward it to some other folks in corporate legal who might be interested ( i.e. , my counterparts) ? Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
TWanda , I assume that you have these saved somewhere ? If not , would you ? Thanks . Michelle
Hoyt , I suggest that we get Aaron Brown and Sheila Knudsen working on the issue of deferred comp . to work with Dee on this comparison . Thanks . Michelle
Debi , I will prepare a draft response for you . Michelle
Amy , we do put people under contract with a definite term; however , at the end of that term , the employee converts to an employee at will . We also hire consultants for a fixed term , but a year-long period for an individual is pretty long for a consultng position . What is the situation ? Maybe we can find an alternative . Michelle
I agree with your approach . MHC PS , I am out next week on vacation . Call Twanda to arrange for assistance while I am out , and she will refer you on . Agreements will be done during my absence; again , work with Twanda . Thanks . Michelle
Here is the note that went out . I'm giving a speech this morning and will be out all afternoon , but I will try to catch you in between . Also , I am in tomorrow , but then am out all next week on vacation . While I am out , you can work with Emma Caplan . Thanks . Michelle
Debi , Your plan sounds good to me . You all have done a good job of researching this data , and I believe we are in a strong position . My one question is whether it is worth it to tell them we are not accepting resumes from them . What is the harm in accepting them ? Are we obligated to interview the candidate ? Given this situation , it is possible that telling them not to send resumes will fan the flames for no good reason , especially since their "proven track record" is only for one placement . It does not appear as if they are flooding us with resumes . Let me know if my assumption is not correct . Also , I am not sure your apology is necessary . It certainly is well-intentioned , but I wouldn't want it to be construed as some sort of admission of wrongdoing . So , unless you feel compelled , .  .  .  .  Thanks . Michelle
Thanks for handling that ! We are looking forward to our trip . I'll call you when we get in and let you know our details . I look forward to seeing you , Mary Lou , and Peter , if available . See you soon ! Michelle
Privileged and Confidential This email contains legal advice Hoyt and Melissa , I am assuming that we are discussing contract personnel who provide some sort of services for MG/RW . It looks like there may be some key personnel we want to employ , but that there are many whom we don't want to hire . I am not really familiar with the specific facts here . The question of a joint employer arises when a company treats its contract personnel like its own -- by setting compensation , controlling their activities , engaging in promotion/discipline/termination , etc . decisions , and other ways in which an employer treats its own employees . So , if the plan is to have workers doing the same thing , with one as a contractor , and one as an employee , there could be some issues , particularly if they share a supervisor . Unfortunately , that often is the case with contract personnel . If there are distinctions among the various responsibilities of these workers -- and like workers are treated similarly -- the risk may be reduced . It is cleanest , however , to use all of these workers through the contracting agency for a while ( assume we don't want to hire them all , which is the other alternative) . Then , the company may want to make selected offers to people who may be in a managerial role or have some other distinction from the bulk of the contract workers . I would like additional information on this situation before reaching a definitive conclusion . So , let's try to discuss it . I am booked until about 11 this morning , but am available after that . Michelle
Bret , I received the schedule and itinerary for diligence on Project Crane and have forwarded it to Rick Johnson , Fran Mayes , Pat Mackin , and Dee Lenfest . We have preliminarily decided that Rick Johnson will go to both sites to cover Labor ( union ) issues and support in the general HR diligence that Fran Mayes of ENA HR will conduct . Either Pat or Dee will travel to Washington to address benefits issues , including obtaining information for subsequent modeling of benefit costs . We would like to have our outside counsel in Canada conduct the benefits diligence in the Quebec City location and to support Rick to the extent that there may be any special issues of Canadian or Quebec law . I will continue to coordinate these activities and provide whatever other assistance may be needed . Let me know if you need any other information about this diligence plan for employment/labor matters . I will work with Peter Del Vecchio to identify our outside counsel designee . Michelle
would you please print this and attachments and put a sticky note on them that it is for Anonymous Letters project -- so that I focus on it ! thanks .
Debi , I will defer to your expertise on whether we should actively accept resumes from CS at this time . I think the way to couch it is that we do not want to receive them at this time , but that they are free to check with us in a couple of months to see whether that has changed . That way , we aren't making it an absolute ban . Thanks for the information . Michelle
I certainly agree with the concept . It sounds like it gives us more flexibility .
Debi , Your response should go as follows . I suggest doing it in writing , rather than an email that could be manipulated . If you have theri fax number , that probably would be best . Also , I suggest that we ask CS not to identify us as a reference or to use our name in any type of advertising or publicity materials . We prefer to keep our vendor list private . Dear Ms . Poss , Thank you for your written request for a reference on Contracting Solutions . It is not our practice to provide references for contracting agencies . I would suggest that you contact another company that does business with Contracting Solutions to obtain the information you seek . I am sure that Contracting Solutions can provide you with alternatives . By the way , I spoke with Jennifer Cronin , who had referred your call to me . She indicated that you had identified Contracting Solutions as the subject matter of your request . Sincerely yours , Debi Vanwey
Hoyt , I have reviewed the attached . I think it looks good . It strikes the balance of welcoming and also letting them know that changes will occur in the future . Kriste , any other thoughts ? Michelle
I have not prepared one and am not aware of one in place -- that is why I prefaced my comments with that . Randy's email made it sound like there was one . Sorry I'm not more help on this . Michelle
Patrick , do you have any comments to this ? Michelle
I'd suggest finding otu more information . My inclination would be not to accept the contractor .
Gina , Have we figured out what happened here ? I haven't heard anything in a while . Michelle
As you know , we have another power plant project -- if I haven't forwarded information to you yet , I will be doing so in the next day or so . The schedule is for preliminary diligence to be completed by 9/8; data room is open 9/6 . Attached to the email I will be sending you is a list of the current information we have here -- lots of documents are here . Please review the data list and forward to me which ones you want copied , and I will coordinate that process . The stock purchase agreement draft will be circulated next week . Michelle
Sure . Dick is an outside consultant . His name is Dick Jeanerette . His number is 713-650-6535 . Thanks , and have fun in MA . Michelle
FYI , it sounds like they now are organized about the process in New York . Michelle
Andrea , You are right . I remember that you wanted to be included , but somehow , as I was trying to get away for vacation , I failed to remember to tell Twanda , who was setting up the meeting . I apologize for the oversight -- it was not intentional . I will make sure that you are included in any subsequent meetings . I am sorry about this one . Basically , the discussion revolved around the purpose of the PRC -- is it a compensation system or a feedback system ? Because the process tries to address both , there is a tension between the organization's interests ( comp , promotion , etc ) and that of the employee ( feedback , development , etc. ) This tension is really reflected by the current categories and descriptors and the fact that we have a comparative rating system . This tension has given people lots of heartburn . To address this tension and to provide an immediate tweak that doesn't create too much change , Gina is going to draft new descriptors that reflect that comparative nature and also that reflect a more consistent view of how we evaluate employees . The preference was to go to numbered categories instead of a descriptor because of the possible disconnect between the descriptor and the comparative rating . For example , a "strong" performer really could be excellent , but compared to others in the group , ended up in the third category . For this reason , the descriptor identifiers were found to be problematic . Also , there will be a revamping of the explanations of the categories to get away from the old "HR" language . For example , a category 1 performer would have a descriptor that said something like: "Always raises the bar; franchise player," etc . rather than a "HR" definition relating to demonstrating criteria . Also , people had the view that needs improvement and issues probably should be collapsed because there wasn't much difference between the two . There was a general discussion about whether going to numbers made it seem more competitive . Also , there was discussion about the fact that the PRC appeared to be a "black box," and the desire to explain and communicate more about the process . This was only the first meeting . I will make sure that you are invited to attend any subsequent ones , and I apologize for the first one . Let me know if you have any questions . Michelle
FYI . Michelle
David , Hello , I hope all is well with you . I was out last week on holiday and am just now getting back into the swing of things . Alan and I have spoken about your contract , and I am getting in touch with the CU lawyers to work on an appropriate form for Australia . I will be keep you apprised of the status . Have a good weekend . Michelle
Privileged and Confidential Felicia , Would you please run a disparate impact analysis for the proposed stock options to be granted within Enron Net Works ? I would like this data for the purpose of giving legal advice . Thank you . Michelle
I think that gathering this information at interview makes the most sense . Obviously , new hire orientation is too late ! I prefer an original , signed document , but a fax is an ok substitute , provided that the applicant mails us the originals after faxing . Thanks . MHC
I agree . Thanks for letting them know about my contact . I emailed them the form , so we should be on our way ! Michelle
Gina , I will leave this to your discretion . I agree that the OD&T people could help us in the communication/training side of any changes that are made . Comp . probably will not be affected much , since Needs Improvement and Issues both are no bonus/no merit categories . Thanks . Michelle
Hoyt , Under the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act , we must provide demographic information to persons over the age of 40 who are offered severance packages in exchange for a release . We need the title/position and the age of the persons holding those positions for the persons who were offered a package as well as the persons who were not offered a package . We will provide this data to persons over 40 to validate their releases . Thanks . Michelle
Brian , Pat Mackin requested that I forward this on to you . I think he has a good idea here to look at a process for RIF selection . Currently , it is done on an ad-hoc basis , with plans being prepared for each situation . Pat , do you still have a copy of the one you prepared a while back ? It would be an excellent start . Thanks . Michelle
Sheryl , sorry , I had the wrong email address . Here is the resend . Michelle
I hadn't heard about Alex's offer . That is great! ! He is such a nice guy . I'll send details on hen night later . Michelle
please print this and attachment for me . thanks . mhc
Here are the latest!! ! Michelle
fyi re: Lutz . mhc
Rick , It sounds like this may satisfy CURE , but I question whether this is an appropriate payment . I would want to touch base with the lawyers working on the deal to find out if there are any implications . Any other feedback ? Michelle
Hoyt -- actually , we need only the New York office -- other locations should not be included . Thanks . Michelle
FYI re: Crane . Michelle FYI re: Crane
Pat , thanks for the update . By the way , did you talk with Fran Mayes , who went to the management presentations last week ? She may have some of the missing information . Dee , you might want to check with her for data . Thanks . Michelle
Hello , girls . If Stacey can do it , so can I ! Here are the latest pictures of Cameron . These were taken right before the Baptism of my sister's third ( can you believe it?? ) child , so he is all dressed up . I hope all is well with everyone . Love , Michelle
Andrea , Brian and I were talking about the dissemination of this policy . It seems as if it should come from your group and go out globally . What do you think ? Michelle
Hoyt , Here is a privileged and confidential legal memorandum regarding the Garden State modification of operations . Let's discuss these issues tomorrow or Friday . Michelle
Please see the note below , which was forwarded to me by Richard Sanders , on Triple Lutz . Michelle
CPage: Would you please forward this directly to Pat ? Pat , For your information , Chris Tomko has resigned from GSP . GSP has hired a consultant , Hoyt Thomas ( who has been working as an Enron HR consultant for a few weeks) , to handle interim HR responsibilities until GSP hires a new HR person . I suspect that you will be involved in a lot of advice/counselling in the next few weeks as this transition occurs . If you are available on Friday , I would like to have a phone introduction of you and Hoyt . Would you please call my assistant , Twanda Sweet , at 713-853-6401 , to let her know your availability so that she can set up a conference call ? Thanks a lot . Twanda , would you please set this up when Pat calls ? Michelle
great , Andrea , shall we discuss rollout asap ? Thanks! ! Michelle
Roberto , These are good questions , and , in fact , are ones to which I am not certain of the answer ( at least for #2) . Let's get together next week to discuss the specifics of how this program works and then determine the issues . Twanda , would you please set up this meeting for me ? Thanks . Michelle
Bob , there also are legal issues to address , so I appreciate your keeping me in the loop as this evolves . Thanks . Michelle
Chuck , Do we have a rescheduled date for the deposition of the plaintiff ? Given the correspondence I've been receiving about rescheduling other depositions , we probably should set forth a date in Nov/Dec and get a protective order from the court stating that it cannot be rescheduled . Otherwise , even if we do "agree" on dates , there likely would be additional delays . I am ready to hear what this guy has to say about my client . Let me know your thoughts . Thanks . Michelle
Drew , You are right on . I do have the concerns raised in your prior email , but I did not want to commit those to writing . I have asked to be kept in the loop , and will provide that input as needed in a meeting setting . Thanks . Michelle
Ginger , I cannot attend that meeting , as I am in another . I will be out of the office the rest of the week , so check with Twanda Sweet , my assistant , for rescheduling options . Thanks . Michelle
Mary , yes , it merely is a form issue . Sharon and Kriste have consolidated those paragraphs in their form . I will follow suit in mine to minimize confusion and to keep the "one template" concept intact . Michelle
I also want to be included in this discussion , but I do not want to commit my thoughts to writing . So , count me in . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Andrea , I am supposed to follow up and work on our action plan for data integrity . However , I know that you are going to meet with David/Robert on the whole concept and that you proposed a work around for the near term after our sessions . It appears as if our action plans will depend on the results of that meeting . I will be out of the office on Wed-Friday on business . It looks like our action plan revisions are due on Friday ( but , if necessary , I'll ask for an extension because of my travel) . In the meantime , you can meet with David/Robert and begin to look at revamping our prior efforts . Alternatively , you can reconvene the group and work on revising action plans without me . ( I am not sure how helpful I am in any event) . What do you think ? Michelle PS , do we need to include Don in our group ?
TWanda , please print for me , including attachments . Thanks . Michelle
Sharon , Kriste , and I discussed this , and agreed that simple was better . We also thought that a reference to the Enron Employee Data Protection Policy and the Code of Ethics provisions on data should be referenced , with a link , if possible . Thanks . Michelle
Mary , I won't be able to call her until next week because I'm going to be out/tied up the rest of this week . I am fine if you want to call her . My only caution would be that you give her data only about our structure -- not why we set it up the way we did or anything else that would be privileged and confidential . The structure itself would not be privileged -- only our strategies and basis for setting it up that way would be . If you don't mind a delay in the return call , I'll do it next week . Just let me know . Thanks . Michelle
I would suggest working through Sheila Knudsen and the Compensation Council to get this done Enron-wide . Let me know if that isn't successful . Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
No , just hold on -- we're waiting for final settlement documents from Reliant , with the Ajello release . Michelle
please print for me as well as attachemnts . thanks . mhc
tweanda , please print this and save as a form . Then , put the print out in the Merger , Acquisition , and Divestitures Notebook on myu credenza-- just stick it inside there . Thanks . MHc
Amy , this looks fine , except I would delete the provision about exceptions , because there really are none ! Thanks . Michelle
Here are comments from Tom Moore regarding the proposed Services Agreement . I will circulate the draft SSD this week . As always , I welcome additional feedback from the user groups . Michelle
Kay , 10/10 works for me at 4:00 . If that date doesn't work , would you please include my assistant , Twanda Sweet , on the distribution , given that I will be out at the law conference for the rest of the day and tomorrow ? Thanks . Michelle
Gerry , this is too cryptic for me -- what was decided ? I'd like to go to the next meeting ! Thanks . Michelle
David , I will have this re-reviewed by Oregon counsel , but it was scrubbed about 18-24 months ago as being enforceable . Thanks . Michelle
Bill , I had asked Twanda to get a conference call with you and Dana Davis on Williams . I hope that happened .  .  .  I would like to have a petition ready early next week . It will be lawsuit only , not injunctive relief . I believe Ajello will be finalized this week . I sent our signed version to Reliant last week , and I hope to have it signed by Ajello soon . Once that happens , we can dismiss . Thanks . Michelle
Gina , I am not sure that the "Satisfactory" descriptor is accurate . "Met" expectations probably does not fit the average person's view of a person in Satisfactory . Perhaps "met most , but not all" or something like that would be more accurate . Where are we on the total revamp ? Has that been postponed until next year ? Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Davie -- Meets many , but may have some developmen needs works just fine . I just don't want people to say someone is satisfactory and meets requirements when , in fact , there are developmental needs that are obvious when compared to persons in strong . So , I am happy with your proposal ( although I suggest that your second proposal does not meet the "fairly up" goal) . Cheers . Mich
I have sent a mark-up of this to Dave . Let's talk tomorrow around 10:00 . Michelle
FYI -- Michelle
Here are the schedules . MHC
Do we have a rule against heaters ? If not , that seems to be the easiest solution , as well as the "dress warm" advice . I think that moving him would not be good -- his isolation could work against our goals here . Your thoughts ? Michelle
thanks , I look forward to your thoughts and comments . michelle
Steve , I hope that I did not educate her too well .  .  .  It was great to see you , and be sure to let me know if you can use my help in the future . Michelle
I'm here til 3:30 , when meetings begin . .  .  thanks ! mhc Enron North America Corp .
Kay , I will be out attending a seminar -- but , don't hold it up for me . Thanks ! Michelle
All is fine -- no disparate impact in the selection . But , I still would like to see data about why certain persons were selected . Thanks . Michelle
Ben , there should be a standard form for this -- check with Candace . If not , let me know . Michelle
Cathy , what do we want to do with regard to Paskoff ? Remember , we were waiting until this week to respond to his requests for additional consideration ? Please let me know . Thanks . Michelle
Cathy , Also , for persons over 40 who are signing waivers , we must provide them with the census data about persons under 40/over 40 who were offered a package , as well as their title and age . Please make sure that happens , or our waivers will not be valid . Thanks . Michelle
FYI . Also , I never heard back from Ilya's lawyer . Did he sign ? Thanks . Michelle
Jim , FYI . The second link here is about workers' comp insurance in California . Michelle
Clark , Thank you; I received this and will look over your comments . If I have any questions , I'll give you a call . I appreciate being included . Michelle
Cathy , let's talk about the outstanding issues on Monday so that we can wrap these up . Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Dave , Is this the proposed , revised policy that OLER is working on ? The reason I ask is that OLER is revising all Enron policies right now , and I think that the harassment prevention policy is being revised as well . I'd just as soon we use the latest and greatest instead of the one that is soon to be replaced . Check with Valeria Hope or Susan Tosoni about the status . Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
No , I have not sent any information . I doubt that Hoyt has , either . You send them the information before they sign . I would just do a cover memo and references the agreement , where there is a specific provision about receipt of information . Thanks . MHC Enron North America Corp .
What about Paskoff ? His lawyer is calling me . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Twanda , would you please schedule a meeting with me , Hector , Sheila W. , and Brian Schaffer re: follow up to the Bashen information ? I would like to have this group discuss how to close the loop with Sally's employees and implement any recommendations for follow-up . I think the meeting with last approximately 1 1/2 hours . Thanks . Michelle
Please print this and save it to my document list . Thanks . Michelle
I agree with your assessment . Thanks . michelle
sounds fine to me . Michelle
those look good . Has Sheng already signed ? Let me know . Also , we need an answer on Paskoff; his lawyer called again . Thanks . MHC Enron North America Corp .
I suggest contacting Peggy Banzak for a contact in Mexico . Michelle
Dave , why don't you send it to Steve for review . The consultant doing the training will be working from this . When do we want to set up the training ? Our lawyers are ready to go . Thanks . Michelle
Anne , I have reviewed the P&S Agreement for Triple Lutz . From my perspective , it generally looks fine . I have a few comments , and invite Pat Mackin to add any he may have , in particular based on his review of Section 4.14 . In Section 4.7(c)(iv) , there is a reference to any contract obligations . I believe this would include employment contracts , which do not appear to be identified specifically on any schedule unless the annual amount exceeds $250K . We may want to clarify that the disclosures are consistent with the provisions of Section 4.13(iii) . Section 4.8 provides that we will not enter into any employee benefits not required by law . However , given that closing is pushed out so far in the future , we may want the flexibility to provide incentive bonuses for key personnel to stay with the company through closing . This may be done with the Buyer's consent , but we may be tying our hands . Section 6.2(e ) contains a similar restriction on making payments to officers/directors . In addition , Section 4.8 states that we won't enter into or amend any employment contracts . We do not renew employment contracts at a single time , and the contracts of key personnel may expire . Do we want to tie our hands and be prohibited from amending/extending the agreements ? Section 6.2(l ) also prohibits the modification/amendment of contracts with employees . In Section 4.10 , the wording "(other than Environmental Laws)" suggests that we are not in compliance with environmental laws . Rephrasing that sentence to refer to the provision of the Agreement may be preferable . In Section 4.11(d) , we promise that we haven't provided any gift of any kind to customers . I don't think we can say that , given that we regularly host client development outings ( e.g . Rodeo BBQ tickets , golf tourneys , etc. ) and provide Enron goodies to people all the time . Perhaps a limitation on de minimus gifts would be more accurate . Also , a reference to our Code of Ethics may work here . In Section 4.13(a)(iii) , does the $250K threshhold include only cash value , or does it include equity grants that vest over time ? A reference to "cash" payments would clarify , given that people here are compensated by stock options/restricted stock that vest over time . In Section 4.14(d) , I am not sure whether this transaction accelerates vesting -- Pat , do you know ? Should Section 7.3 be italicized ? I have not seen the latest of the Employee Matters Agreement . Have the parties discussed arbitration in lieu of litigation in Texas for the purposes of dispute resolution ? Anne , let me know if these comments need clarification or if you have any other questions . Michelle
Pat , I have reviewed this agreement and provided my comments under a separate email . I would appreciate your review of Section 4.14 in particular , given your familiarity with the compensation plans and benefit plans . In terms of timing , your comments probably can go into the next draft , but if you have a chance to look at 4.14 today , it would be great ! Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Here is a set of comments by Pat Mackin on the Triple Lutz agreement . Cynthia/Mary , do you have anything to add ? Michelle
please excuse the delay on this -- If possible , I would like the following documents copied from the data room: Woodland: Tab No.'s 107-130 , and 136 Brunswick: Tab No.'s 102-127 , and 137 Thanks . Michelle Cash
One other item: Could you please request all employment contracts and change of control agreements , if any ? Thank you . Michelle
Karen , does Sean have his art on a web site anywhere ? I have someone who wants to look at it . Michelle
Andrea , This looks good . I have two nits: First , the street value of our phone book is $1k , not $1 . Also , "loosing" people should be "losing" people . One other risk is that the descriptions of what people are doing could reveal confidential business strategies to our competitors because there is no filter on what employees can/can't put . In other words , if an employee is working on developing something within Enron that our competitors do not know about , expertfinder could provide them with that data/strategy . One other recommendation ( by Scott ) was to allow access only from an Enron facility -- not remotely . This would manage risk of a person taking a laptop to a competitor and also would protect against hackers . Given that employee talent is a major asset , we should find ways to move that talent around while also protecting it from being picked off from the outside . Thanks . Michelle
Drew , Louise and Robert have brought me into the loop on the employee in London who has had some issues . I would appreciate it if you would fax me a copy of his agreement . I will be out of the office tomorrow , so , if possible , could you fax it to my house first thing in the morning ? 713-218-7355 is the fax number . If you send it around 5:30 am Houston time , then I can have time to review it and incorporate its provisions into the draft correspondence that I will prepare on this topic . I am going to be attending a seminar out of the office starting around 8:00 am Houston time . I will prepare draft correspondence and circulate it to you , Robert , and Louise for comment and dart-throwing . I can be reached via my cell phone during the day at 713-302-5522 . Thanks , Drew . Michelle
Here is the attachment . Thanks for the update on Delainey . Michelle
Drew , thanks , I got it . I'll be sending out an email on this in the next couple of hours . I'll send it to you and Robert first . You can run it by Chapman and/or outside counsel in London today . If everyone is in agreement as to the approach , we can send it to Louise asap . More to come .  .  .  .  Michelle
fyi . Michelle
Hector , we need to check with Kriste Sullivan on this . I have a vague recollection about a group of employees going to Dynegy , and we had to send a demand letter to prohibit the improper use of Enron information . She was involved , so could you please send her the email you sent to me ? Then , we can discuss a strategy . Thanks . Michelle
David , I believe the agreement was signed . It would have been a Corporate Services Agreement . I believe that Shonnie Daniel or Steve Van Hooser worked on this . I have cc'd this email to them so that they can provide you with a copy , forward it on to the appropriate person , or let me know if one never was signed , in which case I can prepare a new version . Thanks . Michelle Enron Capital Management Here is the latest . Michelle
FYI , particularly the part about the performance management system . Let's see what kind of data we can get about the Microsoft evaluation system to find the differences . Thanks . Michelle
Would you let me know which you choose ? I may need some of them as a backup ! Michelle
I have a copy of the signed Employee Services Agreement between Bridgeline and ENA . Would you like a copy of it ? Michelle Enron Capital Management
Sure , I'll send letters . The one for Paskoff will go out today . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Amy , this is way late , so sorry . I suggest running it by the HR leadership team . The email list can be obtained from Gerry Gibson at corp . If there are HR openings , and she would be interested , they would most probably be the best people to assess her skills . Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Nathan , Ted Bland is the Enron wholesale person responsible for all recruiting for one of the business units I support . I actually spoke with Ted today about you . He is working on scheduling you for a meeting , but he has had some difficulty in finalizing schedules . So , there is no need to follow up , because he will get with you in a few days . Hope all is well . Michelle
please print this and attachments . Thanks . MHC
Dee , I assume that you will go through these documents for benefits/plan issues and then send relevant ones to Pat this week . If that is not your plan , let me know . Thanks ! Michelle
Craig , I spoke with Fran Mayes about being the HR person for the Leaf River site visit , and she is planning to go . Michelle
Anne , Would you please re-send me the Employee Matters Agreement for Lutz ? I have deleted my electronic copy and need to send it on to the HR people . Thanks . Michelle
My understanding now on this is that we are talking about the Bridgeline deal . In that deal , Enron and Texaco both assigned employees to work for the Bridgeline entity . It is done under a secundment arrangement , and the employees are sent there via an assignment letter . ( Pat , you may recall that we visited about this process a while back , although I may not have given you the transaction name at the time) . So , currently , all Enron personnel assigned to Bridgeline actually are Enron employees . I am not aware of any change to that structure . Fran , do you know of any changes ? Are we now going to transfer all of those employees to the Bridgeline entity ? Those answers would help . Michelle
Here is the agreement for Lutz . Michelle
Andrea , would it be possible to update our list to show the current progress on the "30 days" items ? I think you have a better handle on the timelines than I would . Thanks . Michelle
Marty , Gracie Presas is asking about training for ENA for harassment . As we discussed , I think it would be a good idea to offer several sessions to Enron global wholesale and ENW , to maximize efficiency . So , I told her to call you . The lawyer contact on this is Kerry Notestine at Littler Mendelson . His number is 713-652-4748 . Thanks . Michelle
I am not at all surprised!!! ! Michelle
Here is pricing information about harassment prevention training . Feel free to call Kerry directly about his availability . Michelle
David , I am in agreement with you on this . This week , we lost an agreement that had options to be granted . It did not make it to the Administrative Committee until 2 months after signing , and only because the employee came forward and asked about her grant . Luckily for us , the strike price was better/lower . If it had been the other way around , we may have had a much bigger issue . Michelle
Yes , thanks . I was aware of that joyous news . I am going to see if I can get a copy of the petition to review all the allegations in detail . Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
How about this: Any future grant/payment described on this worksheet is subject to appropriate committee approvals and previously-defined performance standards; the use of the term "guaranteed" on this worksheet does not modify the terms and conditions of any such payment/grant . Too wordy ? Michelle
Thanks . What about the COBRA amounts ? Are they correct ? I will be glad to close this one out , too ! Michelle Enron North America Corp .
hi , Trang , I would like to have a little more information about this . Who is she sending emails to ? When were they sent ? Have all the bills been paid ? etc . Thanks . Michelle
please save as a form and print for me . I'll revise then . Thanks . Michelle
Pat , Here is the latest PSA draft for a We've agreed to pay $1mm of the severance . We also have agreed to pay the cost of 2000 bonuses . On options , there is a proposal for Enron to supervest the employees' options at closing -- can we agree to that ? I didn't think so . your comments would be appreciated . Michelle
Pat , Hello ! I am sending to you a memo from Stuart Zisman here at Enron . He has a question that I am forwarding to you , since I don't know the answer . Would you please give him an answer today , if possible ? Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Fran , I think we should get together tomorrow to discuss the issues around this deal . Could you get with Twanda to do that ? THanks . MIchelle
FYI . Michelle
Dave , I left you a voice mail that I am available to assist in this process at your convenience . Let me know how you want to proceed . Michelle Enron Capital Management
Sorry about the earlier email ! The following contains a summary of high-level employment/labor issues based upon the review of the documents in the data room here in Houston . We still need to have a conference call with the HR team at GP to ascertain the climate of labor relations and other employment issues . Woodland 1 . Employment Claims: In the list of insurance matters , there are several employment-related claims . Those include sexual harassment allegations , disability discrimination , retaliation , and mistreatment . It is unclear whether those are ongoing claims or not . I would question whether the mill has had harassment prevention training , and if so , when . Also , are there other employment claims that are not identified in the documents ? 2 . Labor Union matters: Rick Johnson is going to review the collective bargaining agreements . I am waiting on a list of union grievances , which is supposed to be forwarded to me today . 3 . I saw nothing about employment contracts , change of control agreements , or other documents that may require a buyer to provide benefits after closing for either Woodland . Leaf River 1 . Litigation Summary: The company provided a summary of litigation . Three of the four are personal injury claims -- one is a fall down stairs by a delivery person ( settled on 7/14/00); another is a contract employee who was injured when a propane truck on a forklift exploded in his face , and the third is another contract employee who fell down some stairs ( settled 7/27/00) . The fourth is a race discrimination claim from 1991 , which has been on hold due to the plaintiff's bankruptcy . The summary states that the corporate law department has more details about the personal injury claims . We may want to obtain more detailed information as we proceed in this transaction . Are there other litigation matters or pending claims ? ( E.g. , EEOC) . 2 . No employment contracts . I saw nothing about change of control agreements or other documents that may require a buyer to provide post-closing payments . 3 . Workers Comp: There are several workers comp claims for 1999 and 1998 . I would suggest that our risk/insurance groups review these claims to make sure that they are not unusual . Dee Lenfest is going to review the material on employee benefits and should provide a separate analysis on that topic . Michelle
Laura , do you need any more information from me on this point ? Michelle
David , The "gardening leave provision would apply beyond the term . I will make your tweak to 3.4 . I checked the 12-months with Clayton Utz , and they thought it was ok . I'll forward a new draft in the next day or so . Hope you had a good trip back .
Should that be 2 months or 3 months ? we haven't done less than three , and I don't think it is a good idea to go below that . MHC
Felicia , Does this sound right to you ? Just wanted to confirm . Thanks . Michelle
Pat , thanks for your comments . I agree 100% . Michelle PS . My friend who is a photographer is doing a show in Dallas this week . I suspect that we'll see info on his web site pretty soon .
Tim , I just got your letter about the January trial setting . When did we learn of that setting ? How do we accomplish the goal of keeping our business people free from depositions at year-end ? Can that be done ? Michelle
Dee , could you please forward to Steve Van Hooser our usual checklist on employee matters for diligence purposes ? That would be helpful . Thanks . Michelle
Anne , I got you an invitation to the Preview Party for Wednesday ! Eden Sholeen is going to call you with the details . Michelle
Felicia , This is a merchant asset , which we currently own 100% , but plan to sell down in the coming months . It absolutely has separate HR functions from Enron -- they do not participate in Enron benefits , and we are working hard to prevent any claims that we could be a joint employer with it . Thoughts ? Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Kathy , I think we should do some sort of an assignment agreement . It does not have to be as long and involved as our current ones , but we should paper it up . Michelle
Cheryl , I am taking 12/1 off as a vacation day -- so , let's play!! ! I have a hair appointment Saturday , which I cannot really change this late in the year . So , do you want to get a haircut , manicure , or anything else beautifying while you are here ? If so , I'll book something for you . There is no way we would have you babysit . In fact , we have a sitter for Saturday night . so we can go somewhere fun for dinner and maybe even see a movie or do anything else you may want to do . I can't wait for your visit! ! Michelle
Dear Gerald , I received and reviewed your email , and I will check with my clients on your proposal . I expect that I will have an answer later this week . I understand that my assistant has sent you the documents by email . Let me know if you did not receive them . Feel free to give me a call to discuss . Michelle Cash
Cindy , Tim , Marly , Pam , and Neil -- I will make my house available for you do do the first week of laundry this weekend . How about 6:30 am on Saturday ? After that , you can schedule it at your convenience for the rest of the 4 weeks . I am prepared for you ; I bought Tide , Downey , and Bounce , as well as spray starch for all the ironing that needs to be done -- don't worry , I only have 5-6 full-sized tablecloths and about 15 of Trey's shirts to be ironed . That shouldn't take too long . See you then . Michelle
Go ahead and file it . Thanks . Michelle On lunch , I've asked Twanda to reschedule . thanks . mhc
for your entertainment . mhc
Hector , I met with David Baumbaugh today about Bridgeline . Apparently , we have sent Trey Logan over there to replace O'Neal Winfree . We thus need to do an assignment letter for Logan . Could you please provide me and Twanda with the particulars so that we can paper it up ? Thanks . Michelle
Here is the latest piece of information . Michelle
Looks good to me . MHC
Yes , we will reword it . In fact , we are looking at a review of the entire application . Michelle
Any interest in either of these candidates ? They are presented by a headhunter . Let me know . Michelle
Janie , Has Peggy been hired yet ? If not , would you please forward me her resume again ? Thanks . Michelle
Fran , any word from Nancy ? Thanks . Michelle
Bill , I'll be in tomorrow; let's discuss this matter . Thanks . Michelle
For AMPS: Here are the HR questions for diligence . Michelle
Hector -- we do not know the details of how this will work . It has not been finally decided . I would suggest that we remain vague about the whole thing until the deal , if it happens , is signed . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
You should have it . I sent it yesterday . Michelle Twanda , could you confirm ? Thanks . MHC
fyi . Does this give you enough information ? MHC
Dan , here is info on AMPS . Some of these points should be included in deal documents . Michelle
Dorie , I think this looks good . I have two tweaks: On the "Let me be clear" sentence , I'd delete the "let me be clear" introduction . I think the last sentence speaks for itself . In the last sentence , why not conclude by saying that if they don't pay , "we will have no choice but to take further action on this matter" and delete the reference to attorneys . Let me know if you have any questions . Otherwise , it is good to go . Good luck ! Michelle
This is great!!! ! Can you believe all that is going on in Sunny Florida ? I called Nat/Laura to get their take on the mayhem , but I haven't been able to talk with them . I got a voice mail from Laura that Jesse Jackson was leading a demonstration up the street from their house ! They are right in the thick of it . Later . MHC I thought you might get a kick out of this . Michelle
I'll call you tomorrow . Michelle
I'll take care of it today . Michelle
Tim , Do you think these depositions will take a day apiece ? Or , can we schedule more than one in a day ? Let me know , so that I can arrange schedules . Thanks for the update ! Good work . Michelle
FYI re: California law . Michelle
Hoyt , If GSP LLC would assume the liability at the time of return , why would it risk bringing them back for light duty work ? Why not wait until they are fully released , particularly if one of them is going to sue under workers comp scheme ? Also , Hoyt , you need to be careful about revealing conversations with GSP counsel to MG -- I noticed you had cc'd someone from Media General in the prior email . We don't want to waive any privileges . Michelle
Trey , The following items are on my Christmas list: 1 . Boggle game 2 . Joe Jackson CD: Night & Day II 3 . Pottery Barn Large Organizer: Catalogue number 48-2806305 ( $69 ) 4 . Monnogrammed Travel Alarm Clock ( Pottery Barn ) Catalogue # 10-2811784 5 . Monogrammed Business Card Holder ( Pottery Barn ) Item # 12-33756186 ( $30 ) 6 . Hermes or Hermes-type scarf 7 . Wood picture frames -- painted black is ok -- for 5x7 prints 8 . Drink coasters Let me know if you have any questions or want more specific information . Michelle
Attached is the resume of Dominic Carolan , who currently is working at Global E&P . He is looking to move elsewhere within Enron , given that the assets in Global E&P are going to be sold . I understand that you are looking for a lawyer with oil and gas experience . He might be a good candidate . I met him today , and he is pleasant and professional . If you are interested in interviewing him , let me know , and I will get it scheduled . Thanks . Michelle
David , I think this point is moot for the time being because ( as of last Tuesday ) we are not dealing with Bidder D . I think it is ok legally to go this way -- although there is potential liability under the WARN Act ( the plant closing law) . We probably can schedule around that exposure , though , by giving everyone who possibly may be affected 60 days' notice . Practically , however , this would not be my favorite approach . I'd prefer it if we could have the ability to compete for top performers , but we should be able to manage that by working through the persons who we identify and present for possible hiring by the buyer . I would like more information about what is meant by "ENA does not interfere with" the offers made by the buyer . Does that mean no counteroffers ? To answer the question of whether we can bind all of Enron , I would say that it is unlikely , unless we want to ask . It is easier to commit only the wholesale group , rather than ask Corp. , EES , Broadband , etc . whether they will abide by the agreement , so I would recommend limiting it to that group , if possible . We may be able to include the pipelines , given that they have been involved in this transaction . Let me know if you have any questions . Michelle
Julia , On Garden State matters , how do you want to handle the signing of documents ? Currently , I have been receiving documents from outside counsel and initialling them before signature . Based upon Hoyt's email below , there may be a desire to have a more expeditious process . I would suppose the answer would depend on how heavily our legal department is going to be involved in GSP work . Given our discussion last week , I would not think that there would be a desire to deviate significantly from the standard Enron process , but it is not my call . I would appreciate your thoughts . Michelle
Charles , if this is for London , then we generally ask Jon Chapman ( attorney over there ) to review things . Let me know if that is the case . Michelle
Gracie , Based upon my brief review of her comments , many are not acceptable . Without a convincing explanation , I am not going to delete entire sections of our agreement , particularly when those sections protect Enron . Please get with her ( not by copy of this privileged email ) and ask for reasons why she wants the changes . Thanks . Michelle
I wasn't sure you'd know who sent it , but good guess ! Trey was quite pleased with himself . Later . Michelle
Felicia , I am going to take a vacation day on Friday . How about Thursday or Monday ? Twanda , ignore my earlier email . Michelle
Thanks . I frequently pick up my first job after I complete my second shift at home . That's why I got the nifty flat screen for my computer -- jealous? ? Michelle
Dan , what is the status of this deal ? I hadn't heard anything for a few days , and I knew we were on a tight time frame . Thanks . Michelle
Please ask Kristen Walsh if they can find him in Dallas . Then , let's re-send it . Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Was Clonch deposed ? What did he say ? Michelle Hello , everyone . Please let me know which of these dates works best for you . It would be most helpful if you give me a range of available dates for both preparation and the deposition itself . That way , I can find overlapping dates on which you all are available . Thanks a lot . Michelle
Thanks , Dan . We will work to accommodate your schedule .
Thanks , Felicia . The same information appeared in today's DLR . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Peter , I learned yesterday for the first time about Project Canary , which involves the purchase of an asset that employs 400 employees and also has a unionized workforce . I understand that we are in the second round , and that there is a deadline of 12/15 . Peter , we have discussed on numerous occasions the need for you to get me involved early whenever there are transactions involving personnel issues . You haven't involved me in this deal -- I learned about the fact that there are employees and unions from my clients in HR . That makes me and the legal department look bad and also does not allow me to provide the best service for Enron . Please provide me with information about this deal asap . And , I repeat my request to get me involved earlier on future deals . Thank you . Michelle
Thanks for the info . I just need simple , basic frames . No decorations or anything . That way , they can go anywhere , and aren't specific to a decor , theme , time of year , etc . So , painted wood or black resin probably are the best . I could use 5x7" the most . Trey is going to get Playstation 2 once they become available , so you may want to find a game for the new machine . Also , since it has a DVD player attached , he will need DVDs to play on it . I already got him Being John Malkovich and the Grinch , but he has no others . We are looking forward to your visit . Trey , Cameron and I are going to the Nutcracker ballet on the 26th . Do you and Marianne want to go ? I am sure that Kay would love to watch Madison , and I would think that we still could get tickets if you are interested . Let me know . See you later . Michelle
Here are details on one search firm for legal . thanks . mhc
Kathy , here is Ann Park's due diligence template for Canada , which should be of use in Project Canary . Michelle
Tim , was it accepted by the court ? Michelle
I've asked them for dates , and I've got them from 2 of them . Let me bug them again early next week . Tell him to chill out -- his client's deposition has been scheduled and rescheduled too many times to count .
Jim , Thanks for trying to call . I am not surprised by this outcome . I guess wer're bargaining ! Michelle
Thanks for the info . I think that makes it worse ! Michelle
Rick , FYI . Also , there is a status meeting at 10:00 today -- I don't know if you got message , but I hope you can participate by phone . Michelle
He and I are meeting this week to discuss opportunities . I'll keep you posted . Michelle
12/18 is ok , not the 19th .
I am available at 3:00 Wednesday . I agree that we should convene and discuss . I would be surprised if we have grounds to challenge , but we can keep our fingers crossed . If we don't , then we could discuss strategy for negotiations . Thanks . Michelle
Mark , If this hasn't already taken place , I'd like to participate . My assistant , Twanda Sweet , should have my calendar . Also , FYI , Rick JOhnson will be in town at the end of the week if you want a face-to-face . MHC
Mark , As I mentioned in my voice mail , here is a bullet-point synopsis of my accomplishments for the second half of 2000 . Transaction Support Triple Lutz -- provided support for potential divestiture ( e.g. , data room , PSA review , direct negotiations with potential buyer , etc.) . Project Crane -- monitored diligence , PSA review/comment , client discussions . Garden State Paper -- provided employment law advice on closing and transition issues . MG Metals -- handled issues surrounding termination of Rudolph Wolff employees , including separation agreements , negotiations with counsel , etc . Project Falcon -- reviewed diligence reports , client discussions . AMPS -- worked on diligence/transition issues . Project Inga -- provided PSA review , diligence support . Litigation No employee-initiated litigation has been filed this year . Non-compete litigation: Jim Ajello ( resolved); Alonzo Williams ( pending -- employee went to work for TXU) . Other litigation: Marentz & Co . v . Enron ( suit for non-payment of placement fee ) -- pending; Rick Clonch v . Cline Resources , et . al ( pending in West Virginia -- Cline is indemnifying Enron) . Evan Lovell matter -- handled pre-litigation mediation filed by former First Point employee . Todd Richardson matter -- pre-litigation demand letter sent by employee working for Tom Martin; resolved through negotiation . Agreements 256 Employment agreements . 54 Consulting agreements . Numerous retention letter agreements . Drafted new Agreement for Recruiting or Contract Personnel Services ( to replace old Master Service Agreement and Agreement for Project Services ) for use in hiring contract personnel through agencies as well as for use with recruiting firms ( to be rolled out 1/1/01) . Enron Investment Partners Incentive Compensation Plan -- supervised the drafting and execution of long-term incentive plan for EIP employees . Asset Support EcoElectrica -- supported company's campaign against union recognition . East Coast Power -- provided support on employment law matters , particularly terminations/separation documents . Ecogas -- gave litigation advice and wind-down support . CGAS -- provided employment advice/counsel , drafted employment agreements , arranged harassment training . Bridgeline -- prepared assignment letter agreements to assign Enron personnel to Bridgeline . Mariner -- assisted in negotiation of Mariner Change of Control Agreements . Training Conducted interview training for Net Works campus recruiting classes . Provided training sessions on employment law risks for Energy Operations management personnel . Conducted employment law training for ENA Human Resources department . Conducted sessions on ethics and harassment prevention for New Hire Orientation approximately once a month . Investigations/Testing Issues Managed confidential investigation into issues raised in anonymous letters sent to Office of Chairman regarding Energy Operations . Supervised work of outside consultants on the project and made recommendations to client on survey results . Supervised numerous investigations into allegations of harassment , computer hacking , discrimination , etc . Gave advice regarding pre-employment testing to be used in trading track and IT re-skilling program . Other Contributions Participated in Legal Technology Committee -- proposed LegalOnline site name and worked with PR to create logo and tag line for web site . Participated in on-campus recruiting for Associate and Analyst Program at Wellesley College . Recently became EWS legal recruiting contact -- have met with most of OGC and will have a staffing plan finalized in the next week . Provided real-time legal review of HR-related E-Speak sessions . I haven't included what I consider to be routine responsibilities such as providing advice on employee relations issues , attending off-sites/staff meetings for Olson/Oxley , attending CLE , etc . Let me know if you would like more information about these activities . If you have any questions , or if you would like a summary of accomplishments from the first half of the year , let me know . Thanks . Michelle
Cheryl , Thanks so much for extending your business trip to visit us in Houston . I had a blast with you being here . I hope that you didn't get sick -- I'd feel awful if you did . I still have the sniffles , but managed to avoid the worst of it ( so far) . Cameron perked right up after the antibiotics kicked in . He is his usual self today ( happily -- he was kind of a pest this weekend -- you really saw him at his worst , unfortunately) . We watched How the Grinch Stole Christmas today on the Cartoon Network , and he was happy as can be . I hope you can manage the February trip and weren't frightened off by the rough time here last weekend . When we're not sick , we're really much more fun! ! Besides , the pig races await . gotta go . Michelle
Molly , my meeting with Carlos is at 3:30 on Friday . Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Dee , what do you think ? I suggest that we let them handle that , but defer to your opinion . Thanks . Michelle
Here are others who want to interview Carlos . I tell you what -- before you schedule any of these , let me talk with Carlos first to see where his interests lie . Keep these names , and I'll keep you posted on who to schedule with him . Thanks . Michelle
Alan , he's out of town until Friday , so I will schedule early next week with you and Dan . Others are interested as well , so we'll probably have a full interview schedule with him . Thanks for the quick response . Michelle
David , I did not receive the package in interoffice mail . Could you email it to me or re-send it by fax at 646-3490 ? Thanks ! Michelle Enron Capital Management
Thanks , I'll be there . Michelle
Molly , add her to the list for Carlos . Also , could you find out who Bonnie Nelson has worked for in the past and provide me with that information so that we can call and make reference checks ? Thanks a lot . Michelle no , hold all of them until I speak with him -- we've obviously got a lot of interest ! Michelle Enron North America Corp .
Alice , for the employee we discussed last week , here is information on payee . It doesn't look good . Michelle
I'll interview . I'm available between 10-12 on Thursday . Let me know when and where . Michelle
FYI . Michelle
For your information . Michelle
Cathy , Do we have an answer on Cirino ? Thanks . Michelle
Finley , Can we schedule a conference call with the HR folks at Celgar ? Thanks . Michelle
I haven't heard anything from Alice yet . MHC
What about payrolling through an agency so that he is on a contract-to-hire basis ? That way , we can say that the intent is to hire , but that we are evaluating the situation before making a regular , full-time offer . Customers understand contract-to-hire concept , so it may not raise "lack of commitment" jitters . What do you think ? Michelle
More re Canary
more .  .  .  I've forwarded this issue to Dee . MHC
FYI re: outside counsel in B.C . who are handling diligence . I spoke with Dean today , and he appeared to be asking all the right questions . MHC
Molly , could you please forward the "thanks , but no thanks" template letter to me ? I will send it to her since she interviewed . For persons who don't interview , I think the "no thanks" letter can come from HR . Thanks for your assistance on this . Michelle
Elizabeth , any interest in the second resume here ? We are interviewing the first guy already . Thanks . Michelle
please print this plus attachments and file in Garden State file . Thanks . MHC
Dianne , Thanks for all your work for the Travel Club . I never make a meeting , but really enjoy the tickets , etc . One question I have is whether Enron has any special relationships with Disney . Are we a corporate client of Disney ? My old law firm had some sort of relationship with Disney that let us get great deals , early entry into the parks , etc. , so it may be worth looking into . Thanks again . Michelle Cash
please print this and attached and put in the Project Canary Due Diligence file . Thanks . Michelle
FYI . Michelle
maybe . He was in today and met with Mark Taylor , Travis , and Lance , to positive results . I certainly could ask him if he's interested in trading . Leslie Hansen thinks highly of him . Michelle
looks good to me . Thanks ! Michelle
Hello ! An ENA employee wrote a book that was published in Russia . There have been three editions , and the publisher wants her to do a 4th . The topic is technical analysis , which is what she does here at Enron . In this 4th edition , she will be using public data , her own PC , and working on her own time . However , given that she has been at Enron for 6 months , she obviously would apply some of the knowledge she has gained here in the revision of the book . She would not divulge any Enron confidential or proprietary information , however . What are your thoughts on whether she could be able to do this ? She is willing to let Enron be a co-author , although as a practical matter , I do not think that would be worthwhile . My opinion at this point is that she can do it , so long as it is on her own time and using her own resources , and , of course , provided that she reveals no Enron-specific information . I welcome your perspective , however , given that this is a new one to me . Thanks for your thoughts . Michelle
Sure , Twanda , would you please forward ? Thanks ! Michelle
Thank you! ! Michelle
sounds fabulous!! ! See you Friday -- is a place/time confirmed yet ?
please calendar . thanks . mhc
Sure , you could ask . I think that Kriste's draft was prepared before my draft , which I sent to Rosen in executable form . Britt , by copy of this email , I'll ask Twanda to send you the copies from my file here . Thanks for the update . Michelle
Shanna , we certainly can hire and manage him out if the performance is not there . Do we not think he'll be a good performer ? Michelle
Peter , here are preliminary comments from Pat Mackin on the PSA . Michelle
Mark , The pay equity issue sounds like the reviews we do every year to ensure that people are being paid equitably . Given that the company has until November of next year to get in compliance and to report out on the compliance issue , it should be no big deal -- unless there currently are pay inequities . A list of persons in each job , with salary and gender , could allow us to determine whether an issue even exists . Michelle
please calendar for me . Thanks! ! You also should attend if you are interested . Michelle
More info about Bond . Michelle
Have him interview with Dan Rogers , Alan Aronowitz , Barbara Gray , and ask them who else they would like to have talk with him . Thanks . Michelle Enron North America Corp .
please preparre a "no thanks" letter to this person . Thanks . Michelle
David , The document you gave me is the form assignment letter that I have prepared for many Bridgeline personnel . Do we need to do anything to tweak it ? How do you want me to proceed ? Thanks . Michelle Enron Capital Management
please save , run spell check , and print for my review . I think that Robert Jones or Oxley will have to sign it instead of me , since I am not an officer . Thanks . MHCC
Add Tweed to the persons to interview Carlos Sole . Thanks . MHC
Sheila , HR is setting up interviews with Carlos next week , and you will be on the interviewer list . Thanks ! How would you like references run on Bonnie ? Internally or pre-Enron . Let me know , since this is the first time I have received that request ( given that I am new in this role!) . Thanks . Michelle
Barbara , HR should be contacting you about interviewing him next week. . A number of folks are interested in Carlos ! Thanks for the response . Michelle
Mark , as an update , I am meeting with Carlos tomorrow . He will interview with a number of folks next week , including Sheila , Barbara , Alan , and Dan ( all of whom expressed an interest in talking with him about working in their groups) . Assuming all goes well , I'll schedule a meeting with you after that . Michelle
Fran , What was the resolution of the payments to the LRC people ? Michelle
Thanks ! Michelle
Will do , sorry you're working so late !
Gene , sorry I didn't cc you on this . Here is the info . Have a great weekend ! Michelle
What is the answer ? Michelle
Jeff , Good luck with the EES rotation . I would like to clarify one thing: at this point , I don't know for sure if we are having law students work with us during the summer . Why don't you check with me in April or May to see whether we are hiring summer associates . If so , you are welcome to go through the interview process . Thanks . Michelle
Let me know if you would have any interest in talking with this candidate . Michelle
thanks for organizing this ! It was a blast . See you Sunday . Michelle
Dan , I have been working with James McMillan on the LNG project in Venezuela . I would like to have some additional information about structure , project company , etc. , and figured you would know where I could obtain that information . Thanks . Michelle
please print this plus attached in color . Thanks . Michelle
please do a consulting agreeement with this group . Michelle
could you please forward to Scott Miller ( email below ) our short confidentiality , non-solicitation and non-compete agreement ? Thanks a lot . Michelle
Never mind about the scarf -- My mother got one for him . Michelle
Dean , to whom did you send the package last week ?
Dean , do you have any information to respond to the highlighted portions ? Thanks ! Michelle
Sharon , Mark has said he sees no problem with this . Do you have any thoughts ? Michelle
Is this for Diane ? Thanks . Michelle
sounds good . I do plan to attend if you have a meeting ! MHC
I was trying to lowball it ! Michelle
I understand that Nigel is working this one . MHC
Eden , Here is the data for the Ecogas settlement agreements . Michelle
please handle for me . thanks . mhc
please handle . thanks . mhc please handle for me . thanks . mhc
please handle for me . thanks . mhc
I haven't heard anything , but I would suggest that you have them stand down for the meantime . Michelle
Richard , My thought is that the first sentence is ok , but not the second , and Bonnie is conveying that to McConville's lawyer . MHC
Hello , everyone . No need to work on Canary any more -- it is off . I would suggest that you save your work in the event that it is revived , but it doesn't look like it is going to happen any time soon . Michelle
My understanding is that the deal is dead -- stop the presses . Thanks for all of your help on this -- I appreciated your efforts and explanations . Perhaps we will work together again in the future . Michelle
go ahead and initial it . I assume that there are no changes . Michelle
Candace , You are right -- there is no need to send a second letter since we didn't base our decision on the background check results . Michelle
I don't do EBS , but I have asked Kriste Sullivan to send me the info you requested . You also may want to check with Shelly Pierce in EBS compensation to see what she knows . Michelle
Roberto , If a person is accessing inappropriate web sites in the course of investigations , it does not violate the policies . However , it may be useful to set up protocols or logs to confirm when a person is accessing it for investigative purposes to remove all confusion on the matter . Michelle
Molly , Let's schedule interviews with Bechel with Mark Haedicke , Elizabeth Sager , Sheila Tweed , Dan Lyons , and Lisa Mellencamp . Thanks a lot . Michelle
FYI . Michelle
WHILE YOU WERE OUT Caller: Bob Nelson Company: Phone: FAX: Telephoned , Please Call
Hi , Felicia . As I told Cindy , there is no easy way for me to determine which contracts I have done in the past are for corporate versus other business units . I simply don't organize my documents that way . Instead , I do a numeric list of documents , and the documents are identified by employee name , as opposed to business unit . As of now , I have over 4500 documents on that list . So , I can't easily pull out corporate agreements . I can say that most of the corporate agreements I have done have been for RAC or Finance , so Sheila Walton probably has kept track of them somehow . The others most likely were at VP or above level , so I think they have been captured by corporate comp . I hope that gives you information , even if it doesn't provide exactly what you are looking for . Let me know if you have questions . Michelle Felecia Acevedo/ENRON@enronXgate 05/21/2001 04:09 PM To: Sharon Butcher/ENRON@enronXgate , Kriste Sullivan/ENRON@enronXgate , Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Andrea Yowman/Corp/Enron@ENRON , Cindy R Ward/ENRON@enronXgate Subject: Employment Contracts In my new roll in Compensation , I am trying to get comfortable that we have all the Employment Agreements up-to-date in the Corporate Compensation Database so that we can ensure that payments are made in a timely matter and contracts are looked at for renewal in the same timely manner . What would help us tremendously is if we could get copies of all the contracts you produce for Corporate employees both VP and above and below VP so we can make sure they are entered into the Compensation Database . Mary Joyce's group enters the VPs and above but Cindy Ward and I are responsible for making their payments under the contracts . Because of this , I want to make sure we have copies and do not miss anyone . As always , your help is very much appreciated ! Thanks ! Felecia ext . 39815
Gina/David , I think we need to have some guidelines for these types of questions . My view is that we should encourage people to be contacted while out on leave to identify reviewers and submit a self-evaluation . Presumably , if they have a Click at Home PC , they can do it from there . If not , we should be able to facilitate it manually . Your thoughts ?
Are you working on this ? MHC
Vicente , What is the status of our litigation in Puerto Rico ? Has there been a motion to remand ? Is anything scheduled in the next few weeks ? Have we received a scheduling order or a notice of Rule 26 hearing ? Thanks for the update . Michelle
Thanks , Kerry . That's what I thought . Michelle Ben: As we discussed , the regulations from the department of labor specifically allow the employment of 14 to 16 year olds in non-hazardous employment . The regulations , however , restrict employment to 40 hours in a week , 8 hours in a day , and between the hours of 7:00 am to 9:00 pm . 29 C.F.R . 570.35 . Thus , don't take the interns to a power plant and don't work them past 9:00 or the hours indicated and you should be ok . Let me know if you have any follow up questions . Littler Mendelson , PC 1900 Chevron Tower 1301 McKinney Street Houston , Texas 77010 713.951.9212 ( fax ) This email may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) . Any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . If you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient) , please contact the sender by reply email and delete all copies of this message . To reply to our email administrator directly , send an email to
That was my response also . I have no idea . .  .  .  David Oxley/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 08:24 AM To: Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: FW: 2001 AFFIRMATIVE ACTION PLAN HUH ?
Attached for your review and comment are a letter and a memo in reference to the post-employment limitations of John Ashman . If the letter is to your satisfaction , please prepare for finalization on your letterhead and send to Mr . Loeb . If the memo is acceptable , please initial and give it to Mr . Ashman . Please provide me with a hard copy of both documents . Thanks .
Hi , Jeanie , AAP is in review . McMichael -- we should revise in the next day or so . Bridgeline -- will be out to you tomorrow . Thanks . Michelle Jeanie Slone/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/01 05:52 PM To: Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Twanda Sweet/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: Outstanding Items Hey guys , Just checking on when the following might be available: -sign off on Affirmative Action plan so that I may have Lavo sign -new agreement for Ed McMichael -Bridgline Assignment Letters for two new employees . With PRC , I'm afraid I will forget these . Thanks for your assistance .
Twanda , we should email the revisions to the Rome assignment letter to that lawyer . Would you please do a draft ? Thanks . Michelle
would you please email to Julia and Deb the consulting services agreement ? Thanks . Michelle
Hi , Kerry and Rick , Hope you are enjoying the employer . Here , it is flooding again -- my son's school is closed today because of flooding . What fun ! Here is a request from our business guys to get information on a potential labor dispute . Any information you can get without being obvious would be helpful . Thanks . Michelle
It's greek to me . Hector McLoughlin/ENRON@enronXgate 06/07/2001 09:52 AM To: Norma Yeverino/ENRON@enronXgate , Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: FW: Interesting Texas Development regarding FMLA Thanks Norma ! Michelle , What are your thoughts ?
FYI -- additional information on Midwest Power . Your detective abilities would be appreciated . Michelle
FYI
Hi , Janel , I thought that I initialed those already . If I didn't , I'll do it when I get back after my vacation next week . In the meantime , go ahead and forward them to the counterparty for signatures on both originals and then have someone at VP level sign for Corp . If I didn't initial , you should get them initialed before giving them to the corporate officer , because company policy requires attorney initials on all legal documents before signature . Once signed , the original goes to the vault; we can take care of that for you . I'll be out next week , but if you have questions , please call Diane Goode , who works in my group . She can either assist you or find someone else who can . Thanks . Michelle Janel Guerrero@ENRON 06/08/01 01:18 PM To: Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Consulting Services Agreement Hi Michelle , I received the two executable copies of the CSA between Enron and KDS Communications . I'm not sure what the next step is . Should I overnight these to Ken to sign and then receive them back and sign on this end and he gets one and we get one ? And I'm assuming that no one else in legal has to sign off at this point ? I thought Linda Glynn mentioned something about Richard or someone else providing initials?? ? Just let me know . thanks ! Also does legal keep a copy or do we keep the contract with us ?
Diane , would you please track this down and let Cathy know that we'll respond asap when I return . Or , you could have Kriste respond . I do not remember seeing a letter from counsel , but it is possible that it fell through the cracks . Thanks . Michelle
Please note and put in a file for me regarding Enron AAPs . That obviously will be of significance to me in my new role . Thanks . MHC
As described in my prior email , here is a list of Ludwin's transactions . Let me know if you have any interest . Michelle
Kerry , We drove by your house , which looked like it took on some water . I hope all is ok , and that you didn't have too much damage . Bellaire was hit pretty hard . On another note , if you are able to gather any more info on this Midwest Generation issue , would you please call Jeff Hodge in our legal department ? Twanda can connect you . I'll be on vacation this week and will return the 18th . Thanks . Michelle
Diane , not a high priority , but would you please get with Kim Melodick and find out what the client group wants to do with the Alonzo Williams lawsuit ? He never answered , and currently is in default . Thanks . Michelle
Bummer about the flood insurance . Of course , we had it and didn't need it . We also pulled up our rugs , moved furniture , etc . Had we not , the house surely would have flooded . Talk to you next week . Michelle "Notestine , Kerry" 06/11/01 08:15 AM To: "'Michelle.Cash@enron.com'" cc: Subject: RE: Midwest Generation Thanks for the message . We had about 2 inches of water in the house and we lost most of our flooring on the first floor . Most everything else is ok . No flood insurance because we are not in the 100 year flood plain as you know . Regarding Midwest Generation . I asked around with our Chicago lawyers and did not find out anything . I have made some other contacts and will let you and Jeff Hodge ( whom I have met ) know if I hear about anything . Littler Mendelson , PC 1900 Chevron Tower 1301 McKinney Street Houston , Texas 77010 713.951.9212 ( fax )
Yes , I should be involved . Have you sent Noel prior information ?
That is a close call . Has he already called on the acquiring company ? If so , then I would think it would be ok . If not , I don't think that he could contact his friends who used to be at Novarco simply because they were acquired . That , to me , would violate the spirit of the affidavit language , particularly if Richardson still will do business with the acquiring company through Novarco . We could revisit this once the dust has settled after the acquisition to see if that approach still is warranted . Michelle
Would you please send Rob Cole here at Enron a copy of our letter to EEOC for April ? He doesn't need any of the attachments . Thanks . Michelle
Twanda , would you please print ? Thanks . MHC
for my forms files . thanks . mhc
Why does this person need Expertfinder ? I didn't get a specific reason from prior emails . If he needs to locate people , shouldn't Peoplefinder do it for him ? More information would be helpful in making the determination of whether to allow him access . Thanks . Michelle
Would you please send Janice Priddy the blank short form ? Thanks . Michelle
Twanda , will you please handle this ? Add the inserts for the various items . Michelle
I think we should call it a project bonus , not an incentive bonus , because our annual bonus plan is called the Annual Incentive Plan . Also , we usually use some other language . I'll ask Twanda to send you our standard retention letter . Michelle
No , it should remain the top 25 percent , because it is the top percentage of the criteria , not the peer group . Thanks . Michelle
Do you know this person ?
please send her our standard confidentiality agreement that we attach to the consulting services agreement -- ok to send it by email . thanks
Mark , Attached is a signed version of the Consulting Services Agreement between Enron and Andersen Consulting ( now Accenture) . Yevgeny Frolov in HR is working on a project whereby Accenture is developing software for Enron . Enron will own the content of the programs , and ultimately , licenses will be sold for the software , with Enron and Accenture sharing the royalty interest . I think that your expertise is needed on this agreement . I will send you a copy of the latest term letter , along with my handwritten comments on the draft . Would it be possible to get your comments/thoughts on these ? Yevgeny will contact you directly . Thanks . Michelle
Pursuant to my prior email , here is the draft term letter . I will forward my handwritten comments . Thanks . Michelle
Ava , would you please forward this to the IP lawyer who is handling Mark's stuff while he's out ? Thanks . MHC
Ava , would you please forward this to the IP lawyer who is handling Mark's work ? We are looking for a quick turnaround , so if you could ask him to call me asap , I'd appreciate it . Thanks . Michelle
Thanks for the info , Karen . Go ahead and keep this in your file regarding Meliza , so that it can be there in the event we need it further . Thanks . Michelle
Twanda , please note . MHC
Will do , once I receive the revised agreement from them . Michelle
I spoke with her and got this information . We are scheduling her to come in and meet with Mark Taylor , Cheryl Nelson , and others who have information about the position . Molly , when is that interview scheduled ? Michelle
why don't we wait and share our revised policies with them ?
Alan , do you want to talk with this guy while he's in town ? Michelle
Would you please find a copy of this and send to Felicia ? Thanks . Michelle
I think this is in your ballpark , not mine !
I am happy to assist , although I think that this is Kriste's world . I've passed this email on to her , and will assume that she has it covered , unless I hear otherwise . Michelle
Thanks , Pat . It is only temporary ( at least , that's what I keep insisting!) . I just learned about a new deal involving coal mines in Wyoming or Montana ( I can't remember now) . Data room to be opened in Denver on Monday . I'll send you details asap and let you know if we may need to invite you along . Would you be available ? Thanks . Michelle
Looks good to me .
Who will get them ? I am happy to sit down with him in a privileged conversation and discuss those statistics , which I think is the best way to protect the privilege . Otherwise , if it goes to him at his request , then there is no protection if we find undesirable results .
Hello , all . Attached is an invitation from Seyfarth Shaw to attend their labor and employment seminar . It is scheduled for Tuesday , 7/17 , and lasts only a half-day . Generally , their seminars are high quality . Plus , the cost is only $50 . Let me know if you plan to attend . Michelle
I don't think that is a good idea .
I like that better . When is that meeting ? Or , do we want to do that separately outside of the PRC evaluation meeting ?
I'd check with Oxley first . I kind of think they are separate issues , and I am not sure that the whole group needs to see the areas where we may have issues . MHC
absolutely , unless Kerry plans to be nice to him
I can't attend , as I'll be out of the office in Austin at a mediation . Michelle
Twanda , please send them hard copies of the invitation for Seyfarth's seminar . Thanks . MHC
How are we answering this type of question ?
Oops -- too efficient .
please put in Curran's files .
I guess that I would look at this a bit differently . We are not penalizing a person for the cost of obtaining a visa; rather , it is the fact that he did not come through on his accepted offer and start to work for us that is the issue . Does that matter ?
yes , it is redundant .
No , but we have been meeting on this topic . We met early this week and are having a follow-up meeting next week . I will ask Diane Goode to include you by phone , if you want to attend . Michelle
They are done and should be in your email today . MHC
Congratulations!!! ! I know you are happy to have that wrapped up . Michelle
great -- let me know your feedback .
Also , say hi to Ted Meyer , who is my ( and your ) Bellaire neighbor .
FYI , if you didn't get this already . Michelle
I've given the Japanese template to Twanda to revise -- please use the non-VP form and not the form on which I have made the revisions . Thanks . Michelle
Robin , Diomedes was not eligible for severance because of outstanding expense reports -- approximately $400K . I know that Mary was involved in this to great detail . Once the expense report issue is clarified , then he would be eligible for regular severance . Mary and Tim Callahan have been coordinating those issues . Michelle
Lance , Kim was here on Friday . I have asked Mark Taylor for his thoughts . Michelle
Will do . I've asked Diane to send you the legal advice we received . I've finalized the template today , and should have a draft out tomorrow ( Monday) . Michelle
No , this is not . I am curious as to how this got to you . I will give it a review and get back with you .
Freudian slip , I'm sure . See you tomorrow ! Michelle
FYI -- see what you can find out about this -- perfect opportunity to market OLER's services . Thanks MHC
Fran , would you mind pulling the data for GSP on this . It is strange that we should be paying unemployment rates for GSP , since it is its own entity , separate and apart from Enron . Do you know anything about the other transactions ?
Sure , sounds like a good plan to put the flag in Personic to discuss the time limitations . Other than the specific gas-related folks , I am not aware of a non-solicit of AEP employees . I'll double check to confirm , though . MHC
Alan , I understand that you have approved the request below . Is this because they are WRA personnel ? Thanks . Michelle
FYI , with apologies if I already sent this to ya'll .
The consent form should be kept in PH file . The background check results should be maintained separately . MHC
Not a problem if the employee does not date it . The issue of signature by the company that the agreement is not fully executed until it is signed by company . MHC
Kathy , we should go ahead and remove these people . They are employed by WRA , which is in a transition process on a confidential matter . Please remove them . Thanks . Michelle
Looks fine with me .
Twanda , please handle . MHC
I've sent this to litigation unit . MHC
Cathy , I have been getting this question a lot ! It has been communicated to every employee that if they are in Category 5 , they will get a PIP . Therefore , I recommend putting one in place . If you are more comfortable , you can re-name it to reflect goals and objectives for the next review period -- something like "Performance Objectives" or something to that effect . Because it has been communicated that everyone will get a plan , we really should follow through . Michelle
I believe that these involve issues of intellectual property and thus are more appropriately decided by you . In principle , I have no issue with Enron indemnifying Accenture for intellectual property litigation relating to content ownership . On the logo issue , I would have to defer to you and the PR/branding folks . Michelle
who knows . I can't imagine that a customer would somehow owe insurance to the provider's employees . Michelle
so , would we have an issue ?
Please arrange as many of these as you can . Michelle
this looks fine with me . Michelle
Please save as a MHC document -- I think that some of this will be used for powerpoint for Nepco trip next week . Thanks . MHC
Mike , Would you please provide me information on which attorney is handling the NEPCO charge ? I would like to obtain information from him and be "in the loop" on all legal matters involving NEPCO's employment practices issues . Thanks a lot . I am looking forward to visiting with you in person next week . Michelle
Twanda , please print this for me - -I've been having problems when I try to print . Thanks . Michelle
Pat , what do you think of this ? I view it as problemmatic because I believe the grant agreements and the stock plan should govern . Your comments and suggested revisions would be appreciated . Thanks . Michelle
Sharon , I suggest that we ask Valeria Hope to investigate the fact situation here and report back to us jointly . What do you think ? Michelle
sounds great ! I've asked Twanda to set something up . MHC
Valeria is looking into it . Michelle
FYI -- He tried to call me today , but missed me . I have returned his call and left a voice mail for him . I'll let you know if we have a chance to visit . Michelle
Thanks , but we got it from the vault late yesterday . Michelle
Thanks . I'll do an assignment letter formalizing the relationship . Michelle
FYI , it looks like you are on the way to approval . Until that time , if you have any excess capacity in terms of time , get with Valeria on HR Employee Relations efforts . Thanks . MHC
These changes look fine to me for employees working in Japan . Thanks . Michelle
FYI , these should be in our form files for Japan -- this is the new Form B for Japan . Michelle
Shanna , Botchlett is not interested in mediating at this time . He wants to go for the jugular , I guess . MHC
Hi , all . On the budget for HR Risk Management ( formerly OLER) , Cindy told me to keep things flat for next year . I would appreciate seeing the numbers for budget projections and actuals for the group year to date , though . Thanks . Michelle
Dan , Wayne Perry has issues with the consulting agreement I drafted for him and wants to use a form that you drafted some time in the past . Do you want to pick it up ? By copy of this , I am asking Twanda to send you a copy of the agreement we submitted for him . Michelle
I'll be there ! Do we have a meeting with Shankman for tomorrow ?
Teresa , The employment lawyer at Littler , Mendelson is named Kerry Notestine . He is in the loop on this and has copies of the relevant agreements . I also will have emailed him my summary of the Bob Henderson agreement , so he is up to speed on where we are going from the employment arena . His number , in case you need an immediate response while I am at NEPCO next week , is 713-652-4748 . Michelle
Hi , David ! I look forward to meeting with you this week when I visit NEPCO . I wanted to alert you to an OSHA investigation that was served on us here in Houston . Specifically , an employee named Jason Davis claims that he was fired from his job in Jenks because he complained about unsafe conditions there . OSHA has sent a request for information , as it is going to conduct an investigation . Have you heard of this ? How would you like to handle it ? We can discuss in more detail on Thursday . Michelle
Pat , would you please give this a look and provide comments ? Thanks . Michelle
Diane , would you please send Valeria the recent ( positive ) article on PRC ? Thanks . Michelle
Pat , I think this isolates the employment-related comments for the Brooklyn Navy Yard transaction . Your comments would be appreciated . Thanks . MHC
I don't know if you heard , but Kim and I spoke with him , and he is ok with everything . I guess you can consider this one closed , except that I would appreciate it if you would complete a performance review on him and forward it to Kim and me for review and placement in the file . Thanks !
sounds good to me .
Cameron sleeps in a real bed , but would be happy on the floor as well . No more cribs , yea! ! Great news about the tix . We easily can have Cam sit on our laps , so no need to get any great seats -- if we can buy bleacher tickets to get him in the door , that works for us . We are so excited! !
will do
No , I know about that one and agree with you that it is critical ! I just wanted to know when we were meeting with Shankman .
I'd like to have access , but I don't have access to "O" drive . Can that be rectified , or is that beyond your role ?
I have not . I'll send a follow-up email today .
Absolutely ! I agree that it would be great for you .
I know we had some sensitivity in the past; let me check on it and get back with you . mhc
Rick , I believe that this probably is a duplication of efforts -- almost everyone has emailed me with that information already , pursuant to my prior request . I'll forward those to you for your information . I would like to institute some limitations on training for the group , due to costs and out-of-office considerations , but I have not finalized those recommendations yet . Stay tuned ! MHC
Pat , I am keeping you busy these days . Any comments on below ? Michelle
Neither did I . I just got the comments yesterday . I'll review the issues on the plane today and provide comments . Michelle
I'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning . MHC
Here is the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment Agreement .
What do you think ? MHC
Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter ( use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete) . Michelle
We're formatting one this week , and we'll send it when it's done . Michelle
I agree also , but I don't know all the parties or complications involved . Should there be a ( groan ) meeting on this ?
Please calendar and print for my files on this meeting . Thanks . MHC
Shanna , I spoke with Per tonight about this . Let's talk tomorrow . Thanks . Michelle
Let's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality , etc . Thanks . MHC
please print all these for me . Thanks . MHC
generally , we just go by the terms in the agreement and attach a brief position description .
Let's meet with her and anyone else she would like to have attend . Thanks . MHC
Mark , I understand that this is a copy of the latest agreement between Enron and Andersen Consulting . I agree that a new master would be a good idea . Michelle
Misha , I haven't yet received the details about the lunch on the 28th . I'm out on vacation the end of next week , so I wanted to try to fill it early next week . Could you forward me the invitation or details ? Thanks . MHC
Thanks , Misha . How many are at a table ? I've already got some folks who are interested . Michelle
In my dealings with Accenture , they have acted as if this is the agreement that governs them . I don't know which Accenture group is involved , however . Either way , I believe that it is time for an updated agreement , with better rates . Have you been working with Global Strategic Sourcing on this ?
I'll get it set up . Michelle
Indeed I will . MHC
David , Derrick approved the use of Charlie Caulkin . Also , here is info on the Denver lawyer who should review the issues relating to the sharing of employees . Do you want to call him , or would you like me to ? Good to see you this week . Michelle
Frank , I enjoyed meeting you when I was in Bothell last week . During our meeting , you indicated that you were going to put together a draft of the response to the OSHA charge and circulate a draft on Wednesday . I haven't seen a draft , and I understand that the response deadline is today . Perhaps you were able to obtain an extension , but I hadn't heard of that if you were . Would you please let me know the status ? Thanks a lot ! Michelle
Twanda is out today and Monday; I'll do the best I can .
Please save these to a MHC document -- I've got edits . Thanks . MHC
Dear Grandmother , So sorry we didn't make it yesterday . We went shopping , and Cameron hurt his finger while he was riding on the shopping cart -- nothing major , but it distracted me so much that all other things left my mind . Oops!! ! He had to have a special kind of bandage , but it doesn't hurt him any more , so I think all is going to be ok . So , I apologize for not making it yesterday . Hope all is well with you .
Ryan , I think we should have some draft answers for these -- get with the MAD team to see what kinds of answers we have given in the past on these types of questions . Thanks . Michelle
Thanks for the good words . I appreciate your input . Michelle
Valeria , FYI -- here are kudos from one of your clients ! Keep up the good work ! Michelle
Not that I know of . Michelle
I don't know . I would suggest that you ask Cynthia Barrow for starters . Sorry I am so clueless . MHC
FYI
FYI
please make changes .
Diane , there are lots of emails about this topic . Would you please print them and collect them in a file labelled for Tobias ? Thanks . MHC
I don't know -- I think we've categorized them as severance , but maybe we should get with Mackin . MHC
Diane , I've left a message for Brian Bloom about this -- would you please follow up , as he either didn't get my message or has not returned my call . Basically , we did an incentive plan for Enron Investment Partners , and now we want to dissolve it . Would you ask him to provide a brief overview via email as to what it would entail ? Thanks . Michelle
Donna , I think this falls in your court . Let me know if it should be handled elsewhere . Thanks . Michelle
please calendar -- I'd like to go .
Let's discuss when we both can talk . MHC
Here is the first part of Kerry's email . MHC
I've received advice from Vinson & Elkins on this , which I will send your way . It looks like we can . MHC
Pat , do you have any insight as to the question below ? Bridgeline is a JV between Enron and Texaco . Currently , Enron and Texaco have been assigning employees to work for Bridgeline , with no change in employment status . Most employees rotate back to their "home" company within a few months . Now , we are considering spinning off the entire arrangement and creating a separate entity . The assigned employees would be part of the transaction and would become employees of Newco . How does that impact the question below ? Thanks ! Michelle
You are invited to sit at the Enron table for the Father of the Year luncheon on August 28 at 11:45 at the Hyatt Regency . This event is a delightful one , where there are tributes paid to several "outstanding" fathers in the community . Please let me know if you would be able to attend .
Pat , I hope you are feeling well . Kidney stones sound painful! ! Take care of yourself . Michelle
Twanda , please pull all emails on this subject matter out of my in box and print for the file . Thanks . MHC
No . I believe that the answer will be to destroy the materials , but I am double-checking the research on that this afternoon . Thanks . MHC
April 20
FYI , the attached article and story is disturbing and surprising about Southern Company . It also raises an issue that we could face if we are not careful . The article discusses internal diversity studies , which the plaintiffs are using as evidence to support their claims . The company claims that the studies were done by people who did not know how to conduct the appropriate analyses under the relevant legal standards . I have this concern here , as well , when we have people running analyses that do not factor in the legal standards and instead try to interpret data themselves . I would like to talk about how to manage that . Let me know who you think should be included in such a meeting , and I'll set something up . Thanks . Michelle
So , my question goes to the highest bidder .  .  . 
Of course -- I was just giving you grief !
hard to offend me
please print these for me . Thanks . mhc
Thanks! !
FYI . I've left him a message that it is "no problem" in this instance . But , I know that you were interested in having it reviewed before it went out , so I wanted to let you know what was happening . MHC
Today , I received a demand from Art Bieser's attorney . He basically wants a year's pay , plus supervesting of options ( which I told him was impossible) . I have given Fran a more detailed email with the specifics of his demand . Let me know if you want to know the details . I suggest that Fran and I get together Monday with a proposed response , which we will run by you before responding to the demand . In any event , Art will not be returning to the office at all . Michelle
I have had some research done on the issue of what was found on the computers in the Ecoelectrica offices . It looks like the best course of action is to destroy all of the identified materials . Mere possession of these materials is a violation of law . Our outside counsel called the FBI , which said that if the company does not know who put the materials out there , it does not have a duty to report it . We also received advice that the Puerto Rico office of the FBI might be able to assist in narrowing down the possible users to determine who actually was involved . Our outside counsel suggested that we might want to call the local FBI office and talk with a duty agent . The number is 787-754-6000 . Given the situation of the possible sale , however , we may choose not to take that route . In any event , if we don't report it , all illegal materials must be destroyed and removed from our systems as soon as possible . Michelle
Amy , at your convenience , please give me a call about Walter Coffer's review . Thanks . Michelle
Michelle Cash Assistant General Counsel Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department
Tara , Thanks so much for sending me your friend's resume . He certainly has a strong academic and work history . Unfortunately , it is not Enron's practice to hire attorneys right out of law school . We prefer that our candidates have at least 4-6 years ( minimum ) experience at a big law firm or substantial corporate law department before they are eligible for consideration here . The rationale is that we have so much to do that we really cannot provide adequate training , which is critical for new lawyers; nor can we take the time necessary to supervise and review work of lawyers who don't have the requisite experience . So , please thank your friend for his interest . If you would like , I would be happy to visit with him about other types of opportunities in the legal profession , from law firms to some corporate legal departments that do hire straight out of law school . Alternatively , he may be a candidate for the Associate and Analyst Program , if he doesn't want to practice law . Call me with any questions . Michelle
Valeria . Thanks for handling this one . Please keekp me posted . Michelle
John , how do you want to handle this ? Michelle
please print these and file -- AMPS . Thanks . MHC
Possible contract candidate .
Rick , would you mind getting on the transition of HRRM functions to the staffing and service center groups ? I think that you have the most familiarity with the processes and perhaps could facilitate that taking place next week . Let's discuss . Michelle
Please schedule me to attend this meeting . Thanks . MHC
this is ok with me
As a follow up to the discussion today , this may be of assistance . Michell|
Yes , it has . In fact , I gave the same message as you describe below . Michelle
Please send the form consulting agreement to Randy . Thanks . MHC
please send to him our consulting services agreement and also the agreement for contract and other services ( Diane has the latest form) . cc to Carol St . Clare . Thanks !
please respond . MHC
please print this plus all attachments . MHC
Thanks for the resume . This person's background won't work for us -- we need more transactional work experience for them to be successful here , particularly M&A , major real estate , financing , etc . Thanks . Michelle
yes , we still own the IP .
Sarah , At this time , I do not believe that this is a legal issue . Mary Joyce , in Executive Compensation , approves all terms and conditions of VP employment agreements . Before we agree to modify any non-compete , there must be buy-in from Mary first . Only then would we consider the request from the legal perspective . Even then , I am not sure that it is a precedent we would want to set for someone under a US agreement .
I got this . I assume this is 12:30 Central Time ?
FYI re: NEPCO picketing issues . Michelle
FYI re: NEPCO picketing issues .
FYI . Michelle
The contents of this email are privileged and confidential . Below is a quick summary of the general guidance provided by Mark Stubley during the conference call today . If you have questions , please feel free to give me a call at 713-853-6401 . IBEW , Pipefitters , and others have tried to "salt" jobs down there in Florida . The business agents will try to get out early and visit with the site manager to get a pre-hire agreement , if possible . The business managers will take notes/keep diaries of their conversations with site managers and supervisors , so be aware of that possibility when you are approached by unions . We should keep our own notes of conversations as they occur . Should we designate one person to handle union relations ? We should have a very small group of people to have such a discussions , perhaps the HR site lead or the construction site manager would be the appropriate liaisons . That way , we don't have the unions approaching our employees . We have no obligation to have such conversations , but it is a good idea not to be antagonistic with them . Better to be polite , let them know that we are mobilizing the project , but that we bid this work as a merit shop project and will not sign a pre-hire agreement . We should not give them any information about our hiring process or plans . We should tell them that we will be glad to consider their people at the time we are hiring , but that we are not taking applications at this time . We should inform them about how to apply for positions at the site , which will be at an off-site Human Resources office . We also are going to use the state employment offices for clerical personnel , but not for other types because we have not had much success in receiving qualified candidates . There is a need for HR to look at the off-site office before the lease is signed . Other issues surround gating at the facility . How will it be gated ? Who will control entry and exits ? What about the other ways into the site ? How do we prevent persons from using an alternative entrance and then getting into our site to talk with our people ? Parking area will be on the other side of the plant . There are roads between the parking gate and the building site . Because of all these issues , we should look at a plat for the site and then look at the gating situation . Back to Mark's suggestions: Be careful of calls coming into the project . Make sure that the receptionist or office manager knows what to say to callers . Those calls should be directed to that site HR lead . Also , should inform those people how to answer questions about hiring plans . E.g. , "Are you hiring electricians out there?" Those should be referred to HR's off site office . Also , those people should know how to answer questions as to whether we hire union employees . They should refer such questions to HR and not answer them . We will have a script for the receptionist for such inquiries . Be sure to follow the 30-day rule . Also , follow our hiring practices consistently . Ultimately , there will be training for others at the site after more employees are on site , perhaps the last week of October , on union avoidance and other issues . One more follow up item is to make sure that our subcontracts have union harmony provisions . Galen ( Millie? ) is going to send those to David Lund . David Lund , Michelle Cash , and Mark Stubley will discuss the issue of which local counsel to get lined up in the event that we need someone locally .
Please note that we do not agree with the terms of the letter attached to the resume . We have provided a contract for review by your company , and that agreement should govern . With that , thanks for the resume . Michelle Cash
What do you mean by backdating ? I think our policy has been to make those current or close to current at the time of signing .
Rick , Nice kudos from Robert . Would you mind keeping Diane Goode in the loop on this . As you may recall , she had done a summary of the legal requirements and sent it on to the generalists . They now are calling her for help , so her knowing what you are doing is essential . Thanks . Michelle
I agree with your take . Plus , how will those employees be hired ? Is it part of the deal ? If so , then we will need to figure out how to document it . Michelle
FYI , I forgot to forward this to you earlier . MHC
please print this plus attachment and file under Corporate American Express Cards . thanks
Please print this plus attachment and file Corporate American Express Cards . thanks
please print this and file Corporate American Express Cards . Thanks .
We're meeting now , near my office -- can you come ?
George , I spoke with Fran about the Leaf River contracts . She indicated that we are waiting for details ( names , etc ) from Eric Connor . Once we get those , we can generate a draft for review and comment . I understand that Fran has asked Eric for this data . Let me know if you have any questions . Michelle
Mike , I have reviewed the NEPCO AGreement to separation pay and release of claims . I believe that there are significant issues with this because it does not comply with the requirements of the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act . I will send you a new waiver form to use . The one you are using is not valid under the ADEA . Michelle
Sandra , we need the password !
Here are some referrals for HR consultants . Michelle
sounds good
No risk to non-compete . The payment obligation is one that is independent of non-compete . MHC
I agree -- involve Valeria . You also should invite my new lawyer , Lizzette Palmer . Twanda is her assistant , also . Thanks . Michelle
FYI
I would say that the background check issue is a business call . They are the ones who require the background checks and the type of background checks . Same with the guarantee language . If there is a change , however , I would make it to the SSD instead of the main agreement . That way , we won't have to live with it for every placement . Michelle
What about the change in control agreement for the other person you discussed ? I don't think we have seen that . Thanks . Michelle By the way , Fran Mayes and I both will be at the office tomorrow . Please contact us at my office - 713-853-6401 . Thanks .
You sent this to me , Dan . I have since clarified this with the GP attorneys . Michelle
great result !
I have looked at the policy and have no major issue with it , except to the extent that it may be either duplicative or different from policies that Corp . is looking to implement . I agree with Paul's approach on the practice aspect as well as the statement that management will take reasonable steps to look for their unaccounted-for personnel . Paul , it might make sense for you to talk with Robert Jones and David Oxley , who are looking at overall security issues in the wake of the terrorist attacks . Michelle
The OSHA complaint was dismissed . Michelle
please get with him . Michelle
Aaron , does this apply to companies in which we have a large ownership interest , but that may not be a "subsidiary" ? Thanks . Michelle
Please revise accordingly . Thanks . Michelle
Carol . I spoke with lara robinson this morning . She indicated that the indemnities in the contribution agmt covered the matters addressed in this draft and that she was told no more indemnities were to be made . She also wants us to hire everyone who is out on leave immediately instead of having them show up when released . Even if the person never returns due to a conversion to LTD she wants us to pick up responsibility for those employees . Seems unusual to me . Would you please give me a call at your earliest convenience . My number is 713-218-7155 . Thanks . Michelle
Dan . I spoke with GP benefits counsel this morning . There are several business issues outstanding . Fran is trying to get with McMahon to get his take on tham . He is at EB where she is doing a Super Saturday .
FYI . Michelle
This will just be Rome and Enron . Although we believe that most of his claims really are against HMS , his lawyer is claiming that Enron used HMS to defraud Rome . His lawsuit will be against only Enron . Therefore , it makes no sense to drag HMS into this at this point ( although they probably will have to be involved in some fashion after suit is filed) .
This is great ! Thanks for the info . Michelle
Claudia , would you please arrange to have these collected ? Thanks . Michelle
Great idea to put this out there . FYI , I have arranged for Jack Wisdom to provide some training on wage and hour law issues in the next few weeks . I'll keep you posted on the status of that . Michelle
Under the Enron Corp . severance plan , can we provide employees with the opportunity to take voluntary termination in lieu of future involuntary term ? One of our offices wants to offer employees that opportunity , with some sort of enhanced benefit if they take it . Your quick thoughts on this would be appreciated . Michelle
We are working on this issue this week by meeting with Joe Dilg and putting forth a summary memo of the history of the situation , the pay requirements under the contract , and recommendations of how to move forward . That will be done this week , and everyone on this email will be copied on it . Michelle
I know , but that doesn't change the fact that we should articulate the standards that we are using -- I know that they use some criteria that are based on solid business reasons , so let's capture them ! That way , we at least can explain why we did things . Michelle
who are they ?
Fran , the latest on gp closing is Nov . 15 as a target , but the 30th is more likely . Michelle
great , would youplease get this to Janette ? Thanks .
please put this into the last FAQ for the Metals stuff . Michelle
FYI , please let me know if you have any comments . Michelle
Here is a draft of the plan document we prepared for the Metals situation . Michelle
Happy to talk with you about the ADA -- I've actually written two papers on the topic and edited an article in The Houston Lawyer on your very topic ( albeit several years ago , which was before the Supremes spoke on the issue) . On the Senior Specialist position , I am happy to discuss that with you as well . Please get with my assistant , Twanda Sweet , at 39402 to schedule a time next week to talk . Michelle
this guy is going to call to schedule -- give him 30 minutes . mhc
FYI . Michelle
The 2 weeks is the amount of years of service , or the amount of 10K increments in salary . The 4 weeks is a premium on top of that amount .
That's the plan , stan .
try this
Thanks for getting me this info . Michelle
Linda , I can't make 10 tomorrow , so go ahead and meet without me . Lunch this week would be difficult , as I'm out Thursday and Friday attending the SW Legal Foundation Labor seminar in Dallas . Would you like to try something next week with me and Lizzette Palmer , my new attorney ? If so , have your assistant get with Twanda at 853-9402 to schedule , as Twanda works for both me and Lizzette . Thanks . Michelle
when is this scheduled ?
please calendar . thanks
I haven't specifically referenced NuTech in my questions to them . I also probably need to ask the comp committee about these "tolerable" conflicts of interest , particularly in light of recent press coverage of Enron . We'll discuss that this afternoon , Nancy , but I am not feeling like we should agree to any of those types of provisions . Yikes !
Rescinding is what you meant to say .
I believe that this was not meant for public distribution , but it is a sentiment that I thought you should hear . Michelle
Do we want them to be under employment agreements ?
David , You asked me to provide my opinion about the employment agreement provisions relating to target bonus amounts that are based on performance . The bonus language contained in the majority of the agreements with a target bonus is as follows: "Provided that Enron meets its earnings targets and provided that Employee is rated within the top 25% of the performance criteria under Enron's annual performance rating system or its equivalent for the calendar year in question , Employee's annual bonus amounts under the Plan for calendar years 2001 , 2002 , and 2003 ( payable in 2002 , 2003 , and 2004 , respectively) , shall be based on an annual bonus target of $_____________." This language does not address a person's performance as compared to one's peers , but instead looks at the number of performance criteria and requires that a person be in the top 25% of those criteria . Thus , if there are only 3 rating categories ( i.e. , 1 , 2 , 3 , distributed as 10-80-10) , then only the people in the top category would be within the top 25/33% of the rating criteria . Given the huge change in our process , however , there is an argument that the above language cannot be applied to the current scheme and that instead , we should look at the top 25% of the peer group , instead of performance criteria , even though that was not the intent of the provision when it was drafted . As a result , I would suggest that the middle category be divided further into either 2 or 3 subcategories ( i.e. , 2A , 2B , or 2C) . That way , persons who fall out in categories 1 or 2A would be eligible for the target bonus . If there is a decision not to break down the middle 80 further , then it would be useful to look at those employees with a bonus target that we think is too high . For those employees , a more conservative approach may be to evaluate them on a scale that is more subdivided than the 10-80-10 breakdown and to document that they fell out in the bottom 75% of the categories under that process . Of course , it goes without saying that we should ensure consistent treatment based on race , sex , national origin , age , etc . in this process . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Should we wait on this , given the possibilities we discussed earlier today . Michelle
I can't find it on my blackberry . I can't remember who sent it , and the ones I've reviewed don't have the info . Why don't you ask Shanna Funkhouser for the details ? Sorry about that ! Michelle
I woke up and couldn't get back to sleep . Bummer .
Dear Maaico , Congratulations on the birth of daughter Laura ! She looks great -- very healthy and all . It also is great to see how little Bart is growing up . He is a beautiful boy ! You must be so happy and proud to have two healthy children . I will send you some fun pictures of my son , Cameron , who has learned to stand on his head -- he is very proud . Congratulations again , and take care . Love , Michelle
Was this adopted ?
those were fine -- no changes . I just didn't want to fax them from the hotel due to cost . mhc
Hi there! !
From whom ?
Am I getting a good package ?
I think you should be there , so it can wait until later in the week . Other priorities obviously govern . Thanks . Michelle
I would not want any of our policies to address what is "unlawful," as I believe that is a matter for a court . Instead , our policies should state what we want to have in them , and leave the issue of legality to others . Plus , I wouldn't want any admission of unlawful conduct in our policies . Michelle
yes . I have contacts there , if you want . Michelle
If it is same as mid-year , then I won't need to look at it . Thanks . Michelle
Sorry , I don't . Michelle
Jeff couldn't make it . We'll reschedule at his availability . MHC
Thanks , but no headhunters . I can't afford a fee . Michelle
Kelly , Do you have members of GSS on this list ( I can't tell based on names) ? I'll have my assistant get with you on calendaring . Michelle
Unbelievable! ! I guess he has sour grapes . We only paid him not to apply for a job -- unfortunately , insults were not contemplated in our agreement . Ignore him . Michelle
FYI Michelle
Here is a list of EWS labor agreements , from Rick Johnson . Let me know if you require more information . Michelle
Thanks . mhc
Here is what we are hearing . It sounds like it is out of Millie's hands and is up the INS . We'll keep you posted . Michelle
yea ! Great work , Valeria ! Michelle
what will the success fee look like ? Michelle
I think it would be best to get those terms in this agreement .
FYI , in case you don't already have this . Michelle
Hello , John . I am forwarding this to you at the request of Rob Walls . Let me know if you also would like to have the litigation summary for employment matters . Michelle
done -- do you also want me to send him the list of litigation ?
I think we have had our release reviewed by NY counsel already , but it might be a belts and suspenders idea to have Drew look at it quickly . I agree with Lizzette's view of the persons who don't sign the release; I believe that they probably have quit . If , however , they rescind their application before termination , it is not a voluntary term . If the situation arises , however , I think we should reevaluate at that time . Michelle
perfect ! I hope that we can make it! ! Michelle
Did you have a chance to respond ?
please do an assignment . Michelle
Thanks for the thoughts . We are getting through it . Cameron actually wore his yellow rain slicker , his yellow rain shoes , and his red fireman's hat . So , instead of rain boy , he was a fireman . I must admit that he looked absolutely adorable! ! Your bash sounds like it was a lot of fun . I wish I could get Trey to dress up , but he really isn't into that type of thing . We went to the opera Sat . night -- Tanenhouser . Wagner really is uptight , isn't he ? Still , I enjoyed it quite a bit -- escaped into the music . I went to a gala last week for MD Anderson Cancer Center . It was amazing . Joan Lunden MC'd . The Houston Symphony provided music . Video from George W . Bush . Speech by GHW Bush . Entertainment by one of the Irish Tenors , Lyle Lovett , Dhianne Carroll ( who had a costume change even though she sang only for 20 minutes!) , a 300-person chior , all accompanied by the Houston Symphony . It was quite the event . Persons there included the former President Bush and Barbara , James Baker , Alan Simpson , lots of local celebs , and me and my brother ( one of these things is not like the other!) . Still , we had a great time . So , not all gloom and doom around here . Well , I'd better get back to it . Michelle
I have seen this , but I don't think it should go out . David/Mary/Cindy , please correct me if I'm wrong . Michelle
would you please handle ? Thanks . Michelle
Neil , why not put them under an agreement ? That would cover all of these aspects , as well as info re: fees , etc . Michelle
sounds good -- I'll send you a standard confidentiality agreement , which also contains a non-solicitation of employees . Michelle Twanda , would you please do a standard confidentiality agreement for this company for my review ? Thanks . Michelle
wouldn't you want them not to solicit the employees they meet when they talk with you and your team ?
do you want me to allow them to solicit you ? Just say the word .
FYI . Michelle
Let's get with Tommy to expedite it , if you want . L , M
who says they would want him ?
Any officer can sign for Enron -- generally speaking , we like to have the BU head sign . Michelle
I don't think that this is a good idea for her process or any other general process .
Jon is the perfect choice if he is an officer of that entity . Michelle
Sure , we could set up an LLC entity to employ those people . They would have issues around payroll and benefits , but those can be handled . Michelle
We need to talk about that meeting with me , Mike , and John . I do not think it went well at all , but I would like to discuss it with you . Michelle
great -- thanks !
please calendar . Thanks . Michelle
What a delightful and welcome change of pace in my email today ! Definitely count us in . We'd love to join you . By the way , do you have Mata Kroger's new phone number ? Or , is she still with Comsys ? Thanks ! Michelle
please draft . thanks . Michelle
Go ahead and ask her to have the attorney call me . Michelle
Sheila , Could you please provide me with PH files and also complete the charts on the following people ? Some of them may have left the company , and others may never have been employed . Will you have access to all current/former employees' information ? If not , who would ? Thanks tons! ! Michelle
It might help if I gave you the names ! Amy Flores Michael Hinds Chris Loehr Michelle Stroud Joyce Tang Ben Thomason Rudy de la Paz Frank Felicia Thanks !
Jo Ann , Can you provide the answers for me ? Then I can decide how to proceed with Arthur . Thanks . Michelle
John and Louise ,  I hope that the sample agreements sent to John earlier were what you had in mind . I have completed all of the amendment and assignment agreements for those persons with the guaranteed bonus . I will hold on to them until you are ready to fill in the blanks . A few of those employees work for Enron Canada Corp . I am not sure if I can transfer them to the other company in light of tax issues . Nonetheless , those are ready , and we can change the new company name if we set up a Canadian entity in the next few days . Let me know if you would like any more information . You can reach me at 3-6401 or on my cell at 713-302-5522 . Michelle
For your information -- Here is some severance language I received from Littler . Michelle
Not needed -- we have Ogletree on it . Michelle
We need to do assignments for these folks . Thanks . Michelle
Good day , Diomedes , First , let me say that I am sorry about the delay in responding to your earlier email . I am writing to let you know that the processing of your ECI payments has begun ! Because of the significant amount of activity here at Enron over the past few days , it may take a few days to finalize the processing . However , if you have questions about timing , please feel free to call me at 713-853-6401 or Pam Butler at 713-853-6161 . Feel free to give me a call if you would like to discuss this matter further . Michelle
I do not have any of this information -- Cathy , is the Metals plan the same as Enron domestic ? If so , then I would suggest that Chris Rahaim participate in this process . Feel free to work with me on it , but I just don't have any data . Thanks . Michelle
I am not aware of any .
I am happy for us to paper the deal . I am not sure that we will be able to guarantee anything special for Scarth in the event of a purchase of the assets -- it will be a deal team decision as to whether they want to impose that requirement on the sale of the asset . Michelle
We have confirmed the amounts of the contracts . When I speak of processing , it relates to the processing of the checks/wire transfers .
Thanks , Lynn , for the update . If they have no interest in putting a settlement offer out there , then I suggest that we schedule the plaintiff's deposition . Let's turn up the heat . Michelle
Vicki , As mentioned in my voice mail on Friday , we have received a lawsuit filed by Michael Lindert against Enron Corp. , EESO , and EES , Inc. , in which he basically claims that he is due unpaid commissions . He seeks damages of $1 million . Jim Derrick passed this lawsuit to me , but let me know if you want me to manage it on behalf of EES . I have contacted Chicago counsel ( for information , not retention , purposes ) to determine the answer date , which is 30 days . I do not believe that we have been properly served , however , so we appear to have additional time . The suit was filed 11/1 , and we received it sometime last week , via cover letter to Ken Lay from Lindert ( rather bizzarre , if you ask me) . The law firm representing the plaintiff is not some hack plaintiff's firm; it actually is a blue chip family law firm with a good reputation in Cook County . The case probably should be removed to federal court due to diversity of citizenship . According to the Seyfarth , Shaw lawyers I contacted on Friday , the Circuit Court of Cook County , Law Division is not a place where we would want to be , and federal court is preferable . We have 30 days to remove to federal court . Let me know how you want me to proceed . Michelle
Twanda , could you please detach this attachment and send it to the following email address from my email ? I just don't want all the other communications enclosed . We need to cc: Julia Murray . Thanks ! Michelle
David , I guess I think that it is not worth the fight these days . I suppose would approve this training , but I think we need to have an understanding w/ Ogletree about travel time , travel expenses , billing rates , etc . They need to understand who holds the purse strings , and I do not think it would be appropriate for them to bill their full hourly rate for time spent on travel given that we could find someone local to do the same training -- or could send me or Lizzette to do it for the cost of travel only . For your information , David , there is nothing magic about the training they are doing . It is standard training that I used to deliver frequently when I was in private practice . Ogletree does not have a monopoly on it . I'll try to call you early this week , now that the other work I have been focusing on may slow down a bit . Michelle
This looks fine -- have we released us from any and all obligations that may have arisen before the date the agreement is signed ? I don't want there to be any other surprises , so I'd like to include "known and unknown" type language here . Also , does the definition of ECT include all parents , shareholders , affiliates , employees , attorneys , etc ? Let's be very clear . I'd also like a covenant not to sue signed by both Clonch and his attorneys .
Leslie , I have just learned that the Holland Club event will overlap with this event by about 30 minutes -- St . Nicholas arrives at 10:30 , so Cameron probably wouldn't get his gift until 11:00 at the earliest . Also , since it is out in the boonies , it would take a while to get back inside the loop . Would it be possible for us to arrive late ? I'd hate to create a disturbance , but I think Cameron would like to attend both things . Thanks ! Michelle
please print and put in diomedes christodolou file . thanks
please print and file in diomedes christodolou's file . thanks . mhc
Pam , I guess a separate line of inquiry is whether we owe him payments under his employment contract . We probably should get with Castleman this week . Michelle
please print and file in diomedes christodolou file . thanks . mhc
Jo Ann , what is the answer ? Michelle
FYI , I talked this morning with a guy who took the Mexico cruise the week of Thanksgiving last year . He gave me some scoop on the trip . The weather is nice , but wind causes things to be chilly . Lots of good food . One thing -- the cruise ship apparently can be quite rocky and rolly , which can cause some folks to have horrible nausea . You may want to call your pediatrician to get some meds for the kids ( and probably call your doc for some meds for you--as I recall , you got awfully seasick on the deep sea fishing boat , although it was when you were having all that trouble with your thyroid) . Later , Michelle
Who would see or use this ?
Add to your question list . Michelle
I'll be out also -- on the cruise , baby!!! !
Your thoughts ?
We are planning to attend , although I am going to a networking happy hour at my old firm . I have got to get out there , as you can appreciate! ! But I hope to see you at Kari's house . I know Trey and Cam will be there . Michelle
Not yet . Michelle
If he wants it . But I would like a waiver , so I think we should consider some sort of payment . Michelle
T . Would you please send runner to get this ? Thanks mhc
That is fine , but I do have to get Cameron today , so let Shanna know . Thanks . Mich
How are we handling others in that group ? We must be consistent . Let's discuss . Michelle
How much ?
they're fine . michelle
I would suggest that we require a waiver before we pay the money .
Please review and let me know what the traders want to do on this -- by Thursday would be good . Michelle
yes , if you send me the names and the amounts we will be paying , we'll put them together . mhc
please calendar . thanks . mhc
please begin to prepare this . I've asked her how much . MHC
doesn't this sound divine . .  . 
Attached is a proposed letter to use when rescinding an offer of employment . I have consolidated drafts done by Fran Mayes and Terry Bosien . If you have other forms that you think work better , please send them our way . I think it will be useful to work from the same document across Enron . Please note that each situation should be handled consistently with others in similar circumstances , and that special care should be taken for those who have quit prior jobs , relocated , or are in precarious visa situations . Michelle
The minimum number of days should be 21 , and they should have 7 days to revoke it . Although the ADEA probably would not apply to A&A candidates , it could be an issue for the rest of the organization . Michelle
The attachments didn't make it .
No . Sounds right .
Yes . I have been working those . After I get all info I wil probably consolidate and give to sharon for keping but I think it make sense forme to consolidate all info on these employees . Thanks . M
Unfortunately , I do not think we'll have time for this today , given other critical priorities . I would suggest that the deadline may be slipping in light of other activities . Michelle
Can you provide some insight ? Thanks . Michelle
Hi , Janette and Diane , Based on my conversations with Mark , we are going to revise this letter a bit . So , hold off on giving them to him until the next round ! Thanks . Michelle
The intent is not to include 16b officers . Payments will not be made if termination occurs prior to payment date . I'll get back with you on the other issues . Michelle
Never mind on this -- Twanda took care of it . Thanks! ! Michelle
As we discussed , here is the second set of Q&As . Your comments would be appreciated . Michelle
FYI -- I guess we'll all be busy . Michelle
Thanks ! I needed a little levity . Michelle
FYI
In case you didn't get this . Michelle
Although this is EWS floor meeting , you may want to come to hear the messages being delivered . MHC
Here are the details . Michelle
David , Just a question as to whether Dynegy has been notified that we are amending the contracts of these guys to delete minimum or target bonus and replacing with performance bonus memo ? We may want to send a brief email confirming the discussions and their consent so that we have it for our files . Thanks . Michelle
I understand your point on this and agree that someone may try to argue that it is due to them upon signing the offer letter . Our practice and intent has been to pay after they start , and I believe that the letter refers to payment after they start , so there is some wiggle room on the other side . I agree that it is not a "slam dunk" on our part , but my view is that the risk is worth not doing anything unless and until we get some sort of demand or claim . We then can cross the bridge as to how to proceed . In the meantime , I am comfortable with this level of risk . Of course , if these folks are ones to whom we are paying any money , then the waiver should address the signing bonus issue . Ya'll let me know if you disagree .
Has this been approved by David Oxley ? If not , we can't proceed . Thanks . Michelle
The meeting with Mark Haedicke has been scheduled for 2:00 tomorrow . Kerry , I suggest that you arrive by 1:45 , as our security has increased significantly . By copy of this email , I am asking Twanda to call the security console to alert them of your arrival . Please ask for me when you arrive -- extension 36401 . We'll meet with Mark and then meet with David Oxley , who runs HR for the company , to discuss your role while I am out and beyond . Thanks . Michelle
Hi Dawn , I am working on a project that requires the review of employment contracts . I do not have signed copies of several Enron Canada agreements . Would you mind faxing them down to me via Twanda as soon as possible on Friday ? We are on a Lavo deadline . Thanks . The people are: Chad Clark , Mike Cowan , Paul Devries , Eric LeDain , Chris Dorland , John McKay , and John Zufferli ( only if he signed the one we did for Enron Canada for him-- I have the ENA one dated 12/24/99) . I appreciate your assistance . Please call Twanda before the fax arrives , as it is a central legal department fax and not a private one . Thanks a lot! ! Michelle
Twanda , how can we get these ? Can we enlist Knudsen's help ? Thanks . Michelle
Based on my review of the files , we do not have signed agreements for the following: Tom Alonso* Mark Fischer* Ben Jacoby Laura Luce Mike McDonald Dave Parquet Gregg Penman Frank Vickers Andy Zipper Would you mind asking the vault if they have these ? If not , could you get with Knudsen to get them ? Thanks . ( By the way , no one should know why) . Thanks a lot! ! Michelle
Eric , As mentioned in my voice mail , Pat McCarthy is the attorney we use for GSP employment matters . I believe that he may be better suited to answer your questions ( and may have the time while I am out on vacation next week) . His number is 973-966-8117 . I have left him a voice mail telling him that you may give him a call , so he will be prepared . I hope that is helpful . Michelle
Absolutely , I agree with that . Michelle
I like the message and agree that communication is critical at this time . Should we go right out and say that no one will be affected next week ( more artfully phrased of course) ? I believe that is the right way to go ( no terminations Thanksgiving week) , so I'd like to go ahead and say it . Michelle
I have retained Kerry Notestine from Littler Mendelson to help me on this project , so we don't need to get Bob Vote involved .
yes , that would be great . Michelle
Cole , here are the revisions to the benefit plan q&a doc . I think these are ready to go if these comments are incorporated -- but check with Barrow on them . On your question about being able to put some of them on the web , let's go through which ones can go and which ones need to be further reviewed . Thanks . Michelle
I agree , unless some of them have moved from EEL to ENA or vice versa . In that situation , we definitely want to know about it so that the docs can be assigned . Michelle
Pat , please let me know if my email of last night did not go through . I am in the office now 713-853-6401 . Thanks! ! Michelle
FYI , Sharon will handle maintaining the list of all persons who are critical witnesses in future litigation so that we can take that into consideration when managing personnel decisions . Michelle
FYI -- I've been reviewing most of the Q&As on the questions raised post merger announcement . I don't think you need to do much , but I wanted you to be aware that this was going on . Michelle
Lizzette and Ryan , Kriste and I substantially revised the waiver agreement today , so sit tightKriste , do you want to add the mediation provision ? I'll leave that to youMichelle
FYI . Let us know if these folks are appropriate to include on our "critical for litigation" list . Thanks ! Michelle
Thanks a lot for managing this !
Valeria , I agree that we need her to execute that note by a date certain . This has gone on too long . Michelle
Lance , Thanks for passing this message on -- it is good to know what is on the rumor mill , and nobody who knows what I do ever passes those on to me directly ! I believe that we should carefully stay away from any statement that cuts are based on mid-year PRC , as that would not be the best legal defense to have . Instead , HR , with assistance from legal , has put forth a matrix for businesses to use in determining which employees , if any , will be affected . Listed on that matrix include factors such as job criticality ( which is weighted to be twice as significant as any of the other factors) , ability to perform several different types of jobs , business knowledge , leadership , teamwork , and historical performance over the last 18 months . PRC results would not be the sole factor . Otherwise , someone who is the only person who knows how to do a mission-critical job might be affected simply because he rated out lower at mid-year review . That result obviously would be disasterous . Michelle
I think this looks good . For simplicity , I would use the ethnic codes we have in datamart/sap rather than creating new ones . That makes it easier to populate . One other field to add would be visa status . As with the other documents , I believe that the population of these documents can be done now , with just the blank for "yes" or "no" for layoff waiting for the rest of the process . You probably will have to run these by the generalist , Valeria or someone in ER team , and the attorneys for the special risk factors column . Be sure and mark this document as privileged and confidential , prepared at the direction of counsel , so that we can protect the privilege of this document if necessary . Thanks . Michelle
Pat , I really like that approach . Looks great to me ! Michelle
Kriste , did you get this ? If not , I think it really works! ! Michelle
Pat , I am not sure if your email to Kriste went through -- I've forwarded it to her . BUt , FYI , her address is kriste.sullivan@enron.com . Thanks for all your help !
Kriste , I believe that all but one of the amendments/bonus memo documents are complete . The only one in question is for Brian Redmond , whose contract we did not have . Jeanie is going to pull the contract in the morning and give it to Twanda . Twanda will prepare the draft amendment and change to the memo and get it to Kriste for finalizing . Then ( I hope ) we'll be done!!! ! Thanks . Michelle PS , the number to the grammar hotline is 713-221-8670 .
Stewart called me last week for some advice . I had to leave a message for him when I called him back . So , I gave him your names as backup in case he needs immediate assistance . Just wanted you to know that he might be calling one of you . Michelle
David , Late last week , I received a call from Kristen Kracraft , who does employment law at Dynegy . She indicated that they would like for there to be a protocol for how to handle things if there is a desire to allow the hiring of employees from Dynegy to Enron or vice versa . Of course , such hiring would have to be coordinated at the top of the company to avoid any type of free-for-all . At a minimum , I would think that you and Andrea Lang would have to be the ones who make the decisions . With that thought , I have asked Tim O'Rourke's team to work on such a protocol . In the meantime , Kristen mentioned that one person in Rick Shapiro's group wants to go to Dynegy . She understood that Shapiro had said it was ok . Do you know about that ? If not , should you give Andrea a call about it ? I am concerned about the floodgate effect , so I believe we should proceed with extreme caution . Let me know your thoughts on this . Michelle
I think this works . What is the best way to incorporate this into the plan ?
I'm holding off on these until I get the package from PR .
My info is correct . Michelle
yes , indeed. .
Here is a proposed communication regarding severance plan changes . This proposal makes me most nervous . My recommendation would be to let everyone know it has been restated and attach an electronic copy of the new plan , thus letting the plan speak for itself . We then could arm HR with a list of FAQs to address the changes without publishing anything other than the plan to the population as a whole . What do you think ? Also , Kriste , we will have to determine the audience for severance plan communication , as not all Enron entities have this plan ( e.g. , NEPCO) . Same thing with vacation . Michelle
What do you think ? We have a babysitter that night already , although I am sure we could cancel it .
I am a bit unclear . Are these ready for my final review yet ? If so , I will get right on them . Michelle
Terrie , On the issue of communicating the restated severance plan , below is the recommendation of four different attorneys who have considered the issue . Michelle
Thanks , I agree . Michelle
Karen , is this now ready for my review ?
No rush on this -- late this week is fine . Michelle
Would you please handle this ? Thanks . Michelle
This is fine , but is it harsh enough ?
I got a call from Rome's lawyer , who wants to call the whole thing off because he doesn't think he'll get the money he wants . I told him we were ready and willing to proceed . He was going to call the mediator to see if he could cancel without incurring the mediation fees . So , I'll keep you posted . Michelle
I'll get back with you asap . Michelle
FYI re: offer revocation . Michelle
Money .
I am not sure I understand the question . Give me a call when you have a chance . Michelle
The good news is , we don't owe a mediation fee , right ? Lizzette , I'll give Jack a call . Michelle
My recommendation would be that we don't comment at all , but let the terms of the Plan and the related waivers speak for themselves . We cannot provide them with legal advice . Michelle
I don't think that is true . Our waiver does contemplate such a release of claims . I think we should not comment on legal questions and let the terms of our plan and the separation agreements speak for themselves .
I agree .
I'd like a copy of that , if possible . I think it should state: Confidential and Proprietary -- Not to be Disclosed to Persons Other Than Human Resources and Legal Department . If possible , put it on all documents , as well as the cover of the notebook . Michelle
Go ahead and pose the question , but the answer should be that we don't comment at all on litigation , and that the terms of severance plan and related waivers will govern the situation . We should reiterate that we can't provide with legal advice . Michelle
What is he asking ?
It is in the Q&As already posted . We cannot comment on HR policies/plans for Dynegy or for the merged entity because we simply don't know . Michelle
I guess I would delay in responding to this one until we know what the plan will look like . Hate to direct them to current plan if it will be changing . Michelle
I will provide more detailed comments later , but want to clarify that the severance plan has not been adopted by all Enron entities domestically . Similarly , some Enron-owned companies have adopted their own vacation , sick pay , etc . So , we should be careful about the audience for these communications . I suggest getting with Rick Johnson on that issue . Michelle
Simone , how do I get to LiveLink again ?
I think that ya'll have handled the legal work for these entities in the past . Can you provide Ann with this information asap ? Thanks ! Michelle
Ann , I've looked over this list and realized I have no relevant information , so I've forwarded it to Sharon and Kriste , who should be able to help you . Sorry I can't do it myself , but I just don't know anything about the pipes . Michelle
I have reviewed the contract for Brent . He has a 3-month non-compete after the termination of his employment . Is he planning to honor it ? If not , we have to make decisions about pursuing him in court . Michelle
I agree that it is best to leave alone .
Yes . Send to me . Thanks . Michelle
It shiuld be cynthia barow instead . I think the benefits info already is in what we sent to katie caplan at weil . Let me know how I can help . Michelle
Go ahead and notify .
What a jerk
I don't think we should curtail cause terminations . Others would probably be best to wait unless there is a disruptive situation . Michelle
You should indicate that the severance plan is subject to the approval of the Enron Corp . Board of Directors . We do have a plan in place , but we haven't terminated any employees under that plan in the last few weeks . So , we can't say that there is not plan in place righ now . Michelle
We need the following data asap: 1 . Number of total employees at all Enron entities broken down by domestic and US 2 . Breakdown of those domestic employees by whether they are hourly or salaried 3 . Amount of accrued , unpaid vacation balance . Michelle
I agree . No offer . Let him pursue his claims with everyone else . Michelle
Yep
Sarah . Please feel free to call me on my cell at 713-302-5522 or at home at 713-218-7155 if you need to reach me urgently . Michelle
I think that we should enforce the agreement . Did he get a signing bonus ? If so he probably will have to pay back . He also will have to hnor noncompete . What happened with Brent Price ? Michelle
Sure
Kathy , Would you please get access to expertfinder reinstated for my group: me , Lizzette Palmer , Twanda Sweet , and Diane Goode ? Thanks a bunch! ! Michelle
I left a voice mail for Terrie , indicating that I think we should close out this communication with something to the effect of: "If you have further questions , please contact ________________."
This looks fine with me . Michelle
I think that is right , but I do not have the data to confirm that . Michelle
Thanks . We're using Weil . Talk to you soon . Michelle
I would say that we should honor the terms of any sale or acquisition agreement with regards to service bridging . If we agreed to do so , then our records should reflect that service date . Michelle
Sure . I didn't read it all but assume it is ok . Michelle
Ill see what I can find out for you . Michelle
Get with David Lund .
Nepco is not in br . Let's discuss the charges . M
Thanks . Both of us are still here . You of all people know how hard yesterday was for me . I hope never To have to go through that type of experience again . Talk to you soon . Michelle
I assume that you are working with Terrie James on this . The answer depends , so we need to be careful about how we answe it . Michelle
I'm still here . It has been very rough this week . Thanks for checking with me . Michelle
FYI . We have suspended our neutral reference practice in light of the layoffs yesterday .
FYI , I have heard from some folks that business folks think that too many HR people are gone , so I think they may be ok with numbers . Michelle
The answer is no . We can't provide personnel information to anyone outside the company . Not appropriate at any time . Michelle
Can you and +iane please join me Sharon and Kriste at 2 for a status meeting ? Go tob 16 .
Kari , this is helpful . Is there any way we can delete the names of persons who no longer are here ? Thanks . Michelle
I am working with Mary Joyce on that right now . Michelle
I think we should consider this request .
I think that the answer is that she will be eligible for the $4500 and will be allowed to continue whatever medical coverage she had elected already until 12/31 . Please refer her to the Q&As on the web site for details . Michelle
I have received an urgent data request from the counterparty for Netco . They want the following asap: Signed copies of contracts for Greg Whalley and Vince Kaminsky ( who may not have a contract ) Sample signed agreement for a regular trader ( presumably give one at vp and above and one below vp ) -- I can get this from my files easily Signed sample agreement for an IT person , such as Jay Webb ( I think I can get this one as well) . They also want the following data for the 838: Name 2000 total compensation ( broken down by base , bonus , etc ) Comp for 2001 , broken down by base , bonus , etc . ( I'd exclude stay bonus in this number ) If the person has a contract , what is the future value of the contract Did the person get a stay bonus last week ? If so , amount . Date of hire If under contract , beginning and end date of the term of that agreement . They are in a rush for this data , so give me a call and let me know how quickly we can assemble it . Thanks a lot ! Michelle
please file "Pam Benson" . Thanks . MHC
please file in Diomedes' file . Thanks . MHC
fine with me . mhc
You need more than the 840 for this -- you also need the IT personnel . I'll forward those to Kathy so she can get started . Thanks . Michelle
Here is the second list . Michelle
I got this request a second time . Probably Fran would have the best knowledge of exactly how these people were paid .
Alan , I got a request from Carey Sloan that we confirm in writing that he was no longer an officer or board member of any Enron entity as of the last date of his employment . Can we do that ? If so , who can assist ? Thanks . Michelle
We missed Diane's birthday on Friday -- I can't believe I forgot it!! ! I'd like to get cake Monday afternoon . Michelle
We are working on it but in the grand scheme of things it is kind of a back burner issue . Michelle
I agree . But we should pay them the 4500 .
We have decided not to make any reps about these plans , since any buyer would not be taking them . However , we have a data room list that specifies what was made available , and the other side is welcome to review most of what is in that room . We remain cautious about releasing employment compensation data and contract information about individuals , but are happy to provide totals of current and future costs under those agreements in the aggregate . Let me know if you have questions . Which deal are you actively working on ? Fire or Wind ? Do I need to be working on the draft agreement ? Thanks . Michelle
Here are my comments . Thanks . Michelle
Go ahead and let them stay until vesting . Please reverse their terminations and see if there is any work they can do until the termination day . If they got the $4500 , offset that amount from pay . Michelle
We will need to look at our vacation pay practice with Weil to determine whether we can pay out in the future for accrued , but unused vacation . I think we can say that they'll get no less than $4500 , but we want to confirm with Weil . Don't know about parking/bus . I think it is regular course , but we may have to change that regular course .
Mary jean . Did you get ok from your partners to publish 401k info to public and employees ? PR seems to think that Glen signed off on doing it . Michelle
Happy to give them , but no reps are going to be made , as I understand . Michelle
yes , I approved , after talking wtih Weil . Michelle
all of them
Hi , Randy . I hope you are doing ok . I thought you might be interested to learn that Victoria Sterling amended her lawsuit to add Enron as a party on Nov . 30 . Of course , the claim will be stayed due to bankruptcy , but it is interesting that she finally did it . Take care . Michelle
How about 9 in my office on 3825 ? Did you add the sections on what we want newco to do for the employees ? See you then . Michelle
Great! !
I will , subject to having the opportunity to review it . Thanks . Michelle
Good morning . David has asked me to summarize a request for data relating to employment agreements , as the company needs to decide whether it will reject or accept those agreements in the bankrupt entities . We also need to decide how to handle agreements in non-bankrupt entities . We will need summaries of all employment agreements in the entire company , broken down by business unit , group , name of employee , term/duration of agreement , and future obligations under the agreement . We will need those segregated as follows: Employees involuntarily terminated in the last 2 weeks . Employees involved in Newco/Trading operations . EEL employees Employees remaining in the Enron estate . Could you arrange for this work to be done ( preferably by tomorrow) ? I would suggest that someone develop a single format that works for this data and then share it with the others . Thanks! ! Michelle
Maureen , as soon as I receive anything , I'll forward it on . I am working on it and have been since yesterday . Michelle
No employment claims for gas or power . Michelle
Don't give SSNs . I'd suggest giving names only .
Are we agreeing to this ?
Given that this has not been communciated to current employees , I believe that we should consider whether we want to continue this strategy at this time . It strikes me as something that should be discussed at the management committee level , as that was the group that made this decision last summer . Michelle
I'd transfer to ENA effective 1/1 . If the people have employment agreements , we will need to assign . Michelle
How does he want to change it ? If it is more generous , then I think we should discuss . Michelle
likely story
lizzette has taken the lead on this immigration issue . thanks . michelle
no , it looked suspicious , so I didn't open it . Fax is 713-646-3490 .
Yes , do a wire . Her check to IRS will bounce if we don't handle it today . Thanks . Michelle
We are working through that issue this week . Michelle
yes , we will . michelle
Kalen , do we still have the disclaimer on these ? I'd like to make sure that it appears on every set . Thanks . Michelle
Go ahead and give her a call -- let's get it right , even if it causes a few minutes' delay . If anyone on this email knows how to contact her quickly , then have her give Mike Jones a call asap . Thanks . Michelle
Bob , I am happy for you to handle the Richter matter . Lizzette Palmer on my team has been taking the lead on NEPCO matters , so get with her on details . I'll confirm with David Lund that he has no objection . Michelle
I'm working on it .
I'd send this to sarah and ryan for their database . Ill check around I have a good friend who works there .
I assume the severance question is only going to former employees , wbut the doctor question goes to both current and former employees . Let me know if the plan is different . Michelle
Have we assigned employees to netco ? I didn't think we had . In fact I think we were going to move everyone into ena and have them hired by netco after closing . I am on blackberry and missed the end of the talking points . Could you resend ? Thanks . Michelle
in general if a person turns down an offer to go to a divested company , it is considered a voluntary termination/resignation . We haven't made that decision here though . As to solicitation of employees back and forth , it will be a negotiated deal term . I can't recall if we put any provision on that issue in the bid template or not . Let me know if you want me to check the latest version Michelle
No . We think it may be payable as a past expense . Michelle
Can you supplement the answer to the visa question ? Thanks . Michelle
who is handling reinstatement for ENA ?
David , I think we should remove anything relating to the components of a retention -- i.e. , whether it is RS or cash -- and any thing relating to vesting . No way to predict at this time . As I have more comments , I'll send them on . Mich
One other thing -- Texas law will apply to those employees in Texas , as state courts will not allow other laws to govern in employee matters . Oregon is the same . As I re-read , I found more references to vesting or payout dates . Again , these should be more generic or blank . Michelle
Unfortunately , no . We have to get those approved by creditors here first . Bummer . Michelle Merry Christmas !
Note the mosquito problem in Houston ( see below) !
Please find attached details for the forthcoming Enron Americas Management Offsite . There are group actions which need to be completed before arriving in Beaver Creek . The Offsite will involve meetings , mountain biking and white water rafting ( grade 3) , so please bring appropriate clothing . For those who have not been rafting before appropriate clothing would be swimwear , sports shoes , hat , shorts and T-shirt . Life jackets will be provided . The accommodation will be in condominiums in Beaver Creek and room assignments are also attached below . Transportation The attached agenda outlines the transportation requirements for those departing from Houston . It is assumed that all members of the ESA team will also travel to and from Houston with the Houston based employees . Dorie Hitchcock will be contacting those of you separately who are not traveling to and from Houston . Video You each have been assigned to a group for the sole purpose of completing a video prior to attending the Offsite . The video filming should be completed and on a VHS tape prior to departure for Beaver Creek . The purpose of this video is to provide a comic interlude to the proceedings . The videos will be seen prior to dinner on Friday night at Saddleridge . The video should be about 5 minutes in length , on a VHS tape and there is a zero budget assigned to the production of the video . Each team has been given a title which is open to interpretation ( see attached spreadsheet) . Please find attached the following information: ( i ) Attendees and Teams for Video ( ii ) Draft Agenda Any questions or concerns should be addressed to Dorie Hitchcock ( Ext 36978 ) We look forward to seeing you in Beaver Creek . John & Louise
The view is that the CapEx hold is across the company and your counterpart probably hasn't raised the issue of buying anything with higher management . Suffice to say our guys have confirmed they don't think the bid is real .
I thought any 'Contractors' had a zero limit which must be the case . We have Kathy Abshire buying things and she is a contractor . Please could you check that contractors and temps have a zero limit .
Aha , could you provide a column including the approver . Thanks Louise
Ok - this isn't dying . I understand all the usual problems but I am hearing problems with credit turnaround on a continual basis . West Desk ( Foster) , Baughman and Vickers have all independently said that the turnaround is incredibly slow . Slightly different problem from below but this one really sounds legitimate - is it purely staffing ? Can we help ? Louise
As I never approved this , I just wondered if the rumours were true that we did spend money on this trip . Let me know Thanks Louise
Who is Bruce Golden ?
Hughes Fallon Kitchen Delainey Dietrich McMahon Bowen McConnell Brown Piper Garland
I forgot Wes - don't tell him and I thought I had included Horton . Sorry
Gal actually She's a Cindy type person who has been responsible for organising this conference for years .
I haven't seen this yet .
Did you give John a copy ? Where are Technical Services ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
A . EnronOnline has been a extremely successful e-Commerce project in the energy industry . As of September 14 , 2001 , it has completed over 1.4 million transactions worth $800 billion . Currently , 60% of Enron's transactions are done via EnronOnline and the company's transaction costs have been reduced by 75% . Our business model for leveraging the internet has proved invaluable and is inherently strong . We built EnronOnline in collaboration with input from commercial as well as technological experts . Over the past 22 months , we have successfully the EnronOnline e-commerce platform to: 1 ) Access new markets and customers In addition to enhancing its Natural Gas and Power businesses , EnronOnline has enabled Enron to get into other markets , for example , broadband , paper , freight , metals , weather , petrochemicals , and even financial instruments from all over the world . The system has been instrumental in reaching many more customers than previously possible via telephone or face-to-face meetings . 2 ) Manage high volume of products and transactions Enron does more than 5,000 online transactions in an average day . Before EnronOnline , a buyer might have needed to make numerous phone calls to hunt down prices; now s/he can go to EnronOnline and instantly buy or sell a commodity at a market-driven price , with no transaction fee . The easier price discovery attracts more companies to EnronOnline . More trading builds liquidity and more liquidity tends to narrow bid and offer spreads , resulting in better prices and more deals for Enron . To paraphrase Smart Business ( September 2001) , a long-term gas contract , that in 1981 took two years to execute , and in 1997 took two weeks - now takes less than a second online [thanks in part , to EnronOnline] . Because of the technology and software EnronOnline has developed , it is relatively easy for Enron to add new products to trade online , further making it easier to move into new markets without having to wait for long lead-times required to develop new systems . 3 ) Improve Competitive Position And Bottom Line EnronOnline has truly differentiated itself in the industry by using the internet effectively . The results have been widely reported in the media . Internet Week ( October 2000): "Enron is a company that fundamentally transformed itself on the Internet - having whipped its existing businesses into online ones , ridden the Net into many new markets , added $60 billion in revenue last fiscal year , and has beaten Wall Street earnings forecasts in the first two quarters of this year .  .  .  [Enron's] second quarter net income rose 40% from the year-earlier quarter to $404 Million , on 196 percent higher revenue of $50 billion .  .  .  the Internet trading marketplace Enron launched in late 1999 is allowing the company to pounce on market conditions with startling efficiency . EnronOnline now does more than $4 billion a day in trades , in everything from coal and steel to storage services and weather derivatives . Enron was praised in Smart Business magazine ( September 2001 ) as No . 1 of the "Smart Business Fifty" list for successfully embracing the Net to expand and enhance the business . Forrester Research ( Forrester Report April 2001 ) predicts online energy trading will explode from a $400 billion market in 2000 ( with EnronOnline dominating most of the wholesale energy trades) , to $3.6 trillion in 2005 . Enron leads the field with double the online trading volume of its nearest competitor .
Thanks
No more detail - Get out of as much as you can and let me know what cost we incur . Bill any costs we incur to Duran's group . Thanks Louise
When: Wednesday , September 26 , 2001 1:00 PM-2:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) .
Sorry to mess you around on this but we have now booked the flights and we do not need the extra night - is it ok to cancel the extra night . If possible could you please send a new confirm when you have time . Thanks Louise
Could you please book the following flights and upgrade with my airmiles for the following Louise Nettelton ( with previous Las Vegas credit ) Marcus Nettelton ( with previous Las Vegas credit ) Judith Adams Scott Nettelton ( infant with seat ) - his one pass number is EF926306 Thanks very much ME Itinerary And Select Purchase Option Flight Departs Arrives Class of Service Meal OnePass Miles* Continental 799 Aircraft: MD-80 Houston , TX ( IAH-Bush Intercontinental ) 9:20 AM Denver , CO ( DEN-Denver Intl. ) 10:40 AM Economy ( V ) Snack 876 Trip Duration: 2 hr 20 mi Total OnePass Flight Miles*: 876 mi Flight Departs Arrives Class of Service Meal OnePass Miles* Continental 1098 Aircraft: MD-80 Denver , CO ( DEN-Denver Intl. ) 4:35 PM Houston , TX ( IAH-Bush Intercontinental ) 7:55 PM Economy ( V ) Dinner 876 Trip Duration: 2 hr 20 mi Total OnePass Flight Miles*: 876 mi
We have resolved the issue partly . John now reports directly to Hunter . Give me a ring to discuss . I felt your voicemail needed sorting out - you did sound annoyed , quite rightly so I think we have solved most of the problem . By the way - give me a date and I'll be in Chicago .
trip to chicago
I want to order the following with the attached design . 12 mugs Please contact me on how I should do this and what the cost will be so I can send a check . Louise Nettelton 2137 Chilton Road , Houston , Texas , 77019
terminated as long as we can ie there has been a PIP in place etc but as usual things are slow . She refuses to take a director position - if you ask me she is posturing and will resign for another job shortly - I think she is looking for a payoff .
on fuel cells - please set it up and ask Duran Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
I am expecting an all in cost for this service - what do we achieve in separation . I had allocated two hours on Friday to do this from 1pm until 3pm . Are you not intending an all in cost ( per transaction ) of IT and Operations ? If you believe that the outline below works then go ahead , do we just have the total number debate on Fridy - if so let's start at 2pm . Thanks Louise
Good job . I bet you never thought you would retrade the transport this much .
I was sort of assuming Sally would bring this with her to the meeting . Am I wrong ?
Apologies Abigail - sent to you by mistake
Doesn't reflect badly , rather the opposite . You should also have had a voicemail from John . See you when you get back . Let's also talk about your contract when you're back .
I will - thanks
Alterations to report MHI 501Fs are all unassigned All MHI 501Fs belong to Stan Horton's group ( EGS ) but are managed by EA . So please change this . See below Turbine Position Report CONFIDENTIAL Summary by Controlling Region Financial Data as of 9/30/2001 UNITS MODEL CONTROLLED BY STATUS DASH APPROVAL DATE / STATUS PROJECT(S ) CONTRACT COST SCHEDULED CONTRACT PYMTS TO DATE CANCELLATION EEL 3 9FA STAG power islands EEL Available Analyzing Arcos 250 193 175 PGE per Summary By Status report 503 354 398
Not bad actually
I'd like to talk to you if you're still here .
Too many Michael Millers - its hard Thanks anyway
Is this the right Mike Miller , did you go to LJM or are you still here ?
Could you please send Cathy a guest user id and password for EnronOnline . Please set it up with defaults so she can see some products . Thanks Louise Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
No problem - good luck
Is Smurfitt the deal you lost last Friday ?
We still haven't got this finalized - I'm looking to do this this week otherwise I would have to start agreeing with Bill that we have to pull them . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Read some of Richard's questions
Any volunteers to take on this project ?
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Mr Haedicke instructed destruction of the videos . As we couldn't tell which was which - they all went . I would assume Calgary has a copy .
What about the actual small video tape in the video camera ?
Could you fill in all the other assets Thanks
You won - it was a convincing argument
Thanks very much . Louise
Both John Llodra and Don Miller have had discussions with regard to pursuing these assets over the last week . Essentially , these plants may be the first distress sales we see in the market place . John/Don - can you let everyone know how you plan to move forward .
It worked
Ted , The people included in the cc: are those people we nominate to interview on the below mentioned days . We have not checked their availability and should you not find enough people from the list above please revert to John or I , but I think you have enough . Louise
Tammy Can you add these 5 temp slots on 5 Thanks
Yup
They report into Greg Curran a VP who works for Eric Gonzales in EGM . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
How good I am at responding - suffice to say I have stuck in budget meetings for the entire week . Have you gone yet ? Are you free for lunch ?
Just got your message . Give me a ring to discuss . Its a great idea - I am thinking Power origination but let me know if you'd prefer gas . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
So did you move to Rebecca's job ?
Great news - it'll be great for you
Can we have all PIPS signed and on my desk by end of play tomorrow . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Joe Deffner but what about the credit implications ?
Maybe running Mexico replacing Max Yzaguirre - but it really comes down to cost .
diary
That's ok , it was nice to see/meet Emma too
I want to talk to him - but see if he gets past you guys first Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Any sign ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Look at the length of this meeting
no - just Arnold and Hunter
I am assuming that's it for this trip . Please confirm there is nothing else like a restaurant reservatio or something ?
Hello again There is a gentleman here at work looking for a place for 10 in Beaver Creek . The website ( Sales ) has disappeared ,  so I can't show him the pictures - do you have another set of the pictures you could email me as I might have another customer for you . Thanks Louise
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Another good question
Price/Earnings ratio of each investment
We still have toadstools/mushrooms and holwa in need of new turf on the lawn . Any news ?
Can you please email me a list of the development sites we have sold this year , what our basis was and what p7l we expect of have from each site . Please include Onondaga and Doyle , AES site etc . I need it asap . Thanks Louise
and mtm
but here is where we got to .
Forgot Saguoro ( sold it last week )
Why is the CA dated August 6th - have we been sitting on it since then ?
Let's just hope no-one notices .
Obviously it is not what we want - we are assuming Anthony has power Beth has gas .
Let's hope no-one else notices . Let's make sure no-one does anything internally so people notice it . Thanks
Hideous photo - couldn't we have given them a better one !
Haha - definitely not !
thanks - I await the next update
Need to include Saguoro
I am a bit confused I thought we had agreed to the following last week . Expand to show approver and only include those things which have been approved . Issues: Why are there so many repeat lines , each request is issuing 3 times in some cases . Will this mean we order three by accident ? I have no idea what has been ordered - last week I could see this time its all in code . Please resend with descriptors . Thanks Louise
Funny .
Thanks very much - perfect .
Don't worry orig is what I wanted
Just to check have you ever done anything other than gas and zinc . If so , when and how much ?
We passed each other .  This answers all my questions Thanks
Let's try and keep this quiet .
nearly time to go
Oh - never mind - haven't they heard of a fax ? It'll happen
I concur with your view .  No to all of them Louise
Just a quick question - 23 years for PGT ?
Great thanks
I'm still here too
Geoff This cannot be right - its millions I thought we were about $5mm all in including the secret Zhei project
me
0Knew as usual nothing about this until it was too late . Enron nominated 5 people . I'm trying to keep it quiet .
yes
Wellhead Desk Can you please send Jean a list of the 9 people .
I'm ok
Give her 13
I can't tomorrow - how about next time she is in town . Or in New York ?
Good idea to prepare a list - we shouldn't distribute but push the discussion to cover them all . But definitely put a list together . Thanks
Trying to keep it quiet too - sems to be working - Lavo didn't even see it
I'm planning to go see Greg with Wes for 10 minutes on Friday to let him know how far we have got with the budgets . ( IT budget for this year is $735mm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! - I'm still working on this one obviously )
Hideous isn't it - I'm 9 months pregnant in it .
Can you ring these guys and tell them to deliver immediately ( at their cost as it is late ) whatever they can of the order .
Ha bloody ha
Funny though isn't it !
I rang Jeff - he's out
Surreal experience really . I was hoping no-one noticed . PR did it and as you can imagine - without asking .
Cheers Big Ears
Broadcast voicemail - sounded good !
Yes and Yes
I really want it in Q4 - not Q3
No fine thanks
is speaking to Mike McConnell today
Thanks
"What happened to this guy ?
Itss crap - almost all of our own websites . I've read it - probably have a copy somewhere if you want it .
We are pushing back heavily on several budgets and instead of cutting costs , they are just planning to hold more of the allocation up at Corp . Some areas are better than others but essentially , the overview is moving the wrong way ( UP!) . We have no jurisdication over the Corp numbers . As an aside , the technology budget is up dramatically from last year , the numbers coming from IT are huge ( $735mm this year ( excluding Europe ) versus $600mm last year for the whole of Enron Corp) . We are all over this one but progress is slow . If you want more details - let us know .
See photo
We'll guarantee a minimum of $200,000 for 2002 based on current price of $25,000 per data room . We will not agree to an allocation though . Thanks Louise
Thanks - appreciated
Yes
Hope you saw the funny side and it cheered you up !
Was down $10mm in Q3 - did you know ?
I think I have your replacement for Savita .
Amita is now free
At least she will not keep quiet .
Duran has to okay it
Like to me with you today .
OK
I know that's why I am hoping/assuming we are not going that way . I'll assume we are off standards unless you tell me otherwise .
Did we take the money against this from the nymex swap ?
Did you get this ?
On my way down . Where do I go for lunch ?
and the current slides you have on display I'll then do the updates to our slides and correct the errors . Thanks
You have two problems ( i ) Unwind of interest rate swap ( $2.3mm ) ( ii ) Mismatch of money from swap versus interest rate swap . ( approximately ( $9mm ) is not offset ) Louise
Could you put together a list of all the Enron Corp employees who have Enron ( non-Dell ) equipment at home .
When is it as Marcus is away on Thursday - I presume Chicago is Wed and obviously I can't do Philadephia as Marcus is away . I presume you know all this - am I looking at the wrong week - is Chicago next week ?
When is it - I can't miss that if its the budget meeting ? It appears to be every day . I am a bit worried now about next week - I appear to have some real scheduling difficulties .
Not entirely sure - John requested this on Friday I 'll check
I can't do these dates . I will be on my way back from Chicago ( Peoples meeting) . Sorry Louise
I am hope I haven't just refused this for no reason but if my diary is right - Marcus is away .
When is that lunch with the Board we got invited to ? What time are John & I presenting at the Board ? Why do I have meetings on Wed - I thought Chicago was Wednesday ?
Hello Pat , We would like you to price: Chairs ( 2 ) The chairs ( 476 ) in 19-502 ( Grade 18 ) with double welt trim as described . SOFA The sofa ( 6386-80 ) in 48-137 ( Grade 26) . PILLOWS 3 square additional pillows ( 2 in chair material and 1 in sofa material) . Would the wood be the same in the sofa as used on the chairs ? Please could you let me know the prices . Thanks Louise Nettelton
Hello - hope you had a good week-end . Two things - PIPs are still not done and I still have never had my pay reconciled . Thanks Louise
If you pursue the overtime issue , coul dyou please let me know . Thanks Hope you had a good wek-end .
I do need to alter one slide and also I am keen to see the financial slide whenever it is done . Hope you had a good week-end .
Been there , done that . This doesn't allow us to you have to be based in London!! !
George , We are pretty sure DealBench is the cheapest in the market place - we are way below others for costs . Do GSS use DealBench for all our sourcing now ? Louise
Not prizes for that title .
Duran to run it
Seems we missed a circulation - this wasn't the last one circulated on Friday . I will send you the final one at 12 .
diary
Thanks
Woops Another coming in 5 minutes .
We have unsuccessfully attempted to find sponsors for the project list you gave to me in our meeting . I would therefore like to start the game again but starting from zero and working our way up . Assuming we are starting with no budget for IT development , please could you sit down with each of our Business Sponsors and agree a number with them . They are: Tim Belden ( or his appointed person ) for West Power Lloyd Will for East Power Geof Storey for Gas Laura Luce for Peoples and Global Net Chris Gaskill for Gas Fundys Rob Milnthorp ( or his appointed person ) for Canada . Mark Haedicke/Greenberg ( or his appointed person ) for Legal . Each of the above will be allocated their charge for IT development and capital ( apart from Geof who will allocate across the desks ) and therefore is the best person/people to decide on the costs . Please could you arrange a short meeting/discussion with each and agree a budget as the process so far is not working . I am assuming its zero at the moment . Thanks Louise
Their current capital markets stuff is going well - maybe we're wrong about them . In your previous email by the way - did you mean we pay them or they pay us . I read they pay us but Carl tells me it was the other way .
ATS is not new origination and shows through the MPR . All the rest were too small . Louise
Please do
So far I have spoken to both Bill and Rick Buy , both of whom recognized the issue and said they would try to address it . I have also just completed their budget for next year and increased the number to allow for incremental staff . I left a message for Bill this morning to see if he had made further progress .
I need a description of each of these assets asap - no more than one sentance on each . Before 9:15am if possible on email so I can pick it up on Blackberry . Thanks Louise
Please register Talk to Liz/Nicki to see if they want you to attend to help - only if you want to
Marcello is getting very frustrated . Only Matthew is talking to him ( all second hand) .
Where's the answer
Gross margin per mmbtu for 2001
I think you need to push Wasaff
Can you chase a response on email asap
What are the units . I want per mmbtu
All ok
Make the move
I mean make the move to the US . Unless you teally believe that you can pull off Richard's project which sounds huge .
You need to kick some butt here
Preview party - sounds great I hope it comes in . Thanks
Please send John and I a copy of our final presentation . Thanks Louise
FIne
OK - I'll be there
fine
thanks
Manicure too please
Sorry make that a pedicure
In tomorrow morning - leaving at lunch
I don't think so
Those guys will do the full horizontals too wherever possible - I'll do the others
Currently interviewing a guy from Pacificorp - fingers crossed . Keep it quiet though .
Hope you hire him Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
has a lunch tomorrow with the Chairman of British Energy . Is there anything you want to get from that or should he just bluff his way through . Let me know Thanks Louise
Could you confirm that you are covering our non-Houston based offices including but not limited to Portland , Chicago , San Francisco , Denver , New York . Thanks Louise
BNY - times change eh
Sorry missed this earlier - I'm in Chicago . Comments on BE - probably too late .  Sorry
See you in Enron House when I get back . I am sure you'll be back working in EEL before me . Happy travelling . Louise
OK thanks . I'll presume its dead until I hear otherwise .
Dave I thought you needed him to carry two people . Tammie please forward to Duran
I hope you went of course not
In chicago I'm fine with that see you monday
Wahey on runway
About time
well done I think even I would have given up before now
Is that what ECR want to do with it ?
I agree - thanks for this . it will have slow death..................................... .
Dave Are you unwinding it ?
thanks - stupid though isn't it !
Please set up a meeting with me , Geof and Steve Stock Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Q3 now over , you will each be receiving in the internal mail a copy of the origination numbers associated with each of your groups . Please could you ensure the numbers are both; ( i ) Correct , and ( ii ) Correctly allocated Should employees have left the group or company please do not allocate the amount to another originator as this will distort the numbers , just leave the name of the employee and number in place although they have left . These numbers will be used as a ( obviously only one component ) component of performance review . As you know we also monitor the soft targets so please ensure these are correct too . If you want to check your progress on soft targets - these are available from Faith . Please send all alterations to Faith Killen or call her on 30352 . Thanks Louise
Here's my first pass on our 1-30 . Spreadsheet at bottom . Number 2 Arnold Number 5 Presto Number 6 Sturm Number 9 Motley Number 10 Davis Number 11 Benson Number 13 Duran Number 14 Martin Number 15 Allen Number 16 Gonzales Number 18 Richter Number 19 Davies Number 20 Black Number 21 Herndon Number 22 Miler Number 27 Luce Number 28 Storey Number 29 Foster
Thanks
I didn't get a copy of Dave's email but a few comments and I attach a compromise ordering . I added to your file schoolyard . Our differences are: Me - Don Miller , Joe Deffner,Chris Foster I would put them all ahead of Bernie however I have no data points apart from p&l on nothing with Frank so I can't comment on him. . Not huge differences in order , apart from your slant on Canadians ! The main issue with yours is Calger behind Benson and Zufferli ( and even maybe Dana) , he's a future leader of this organisation . Your ordering is very P&L based . Are we supposed to cover Wes or will Causey ? I added to your file schoolyard . Speak to you later . Louise Arnold Presto Sturm Davis , Dana Benson Herndon Motley Davies martin Richter Black Luce Allen Duran Storey Zipper Foster Ermis or Miller Gonzales
I see what you mean .
With Calger leading the likes of Parquet etc they can make $100mm plus - without him no chance . I think it's sort of indirect p&l . I think we are close enough I'd put our top 20 above any group - our final ten are really strong too . Harry , Orlando and Zipper as the last people on our list really does show we have some major talent . Let's not stick to 30 - let's do 33 putting Miller,Deffner , Foster , Zipper , Ermis and Aucoin in . Daliney's note shows he is giving a lot to people we have in our second half of the list .
That works .
Stop working weekends again See you tomorrow
I wouldn't mind seeing your sofa if you still have it . If you give me a time , I'll pop over . Thanks Louise
Jean is still pushing to run wellhead desk , she may come and see you . I have pushed back stating that we are much better placed to evaluate her outsourcing business as it is and that we will review this when we have seen sime dealflow .
yes to this i discussed with don
Fine
I'm fine . Still laughing about co-president !
Probably not Hey Dave , can I have an update on originator track .
Could you please get Marcus Nettelton added to this .
thanks
Why can't I consume alcohol on Atkins ? You should not drink alcohol during Induction , but you can drink moderate amounts of alcohol during the Ongoing Weight Loss , Pre-maintenance and Maintenance phases of the Atkins Nutritional Approach . When given the choice , your body will burn alcohol for energy before it burns fat . But alcohol does not act as a carbohydrate so it will not interfere with burning fat in the same way that sugars and other carbohydrates do . Alcohol consumption may also increase yeast-related symptoms , such as bloating , gas and cravings for sweets , and can therefore interfere with weight loss . Beer , which contains yeast , probably has the most yeast-forming components of any alcohol . An occasional glass of wine or vodka is the best choice . Scotch and other grain-based spirits are more likely to promote yeast problems . Note: Use only mixers that contain no sugar or fruit juices . Even tonic water contains carbs and regular soda is made with sugar . Seltzer , club soda , mineral water and non-aspartame diet sodas are better alternatives . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Sorry Abigail - wrong person Trying to get Liz Taylor
I'm fine - don't worry . Can you send a note out to all assistants making sure they all get the money back from AStros playoff tickets . Tina very ill in St Lukes Emergency Room with possible heart attack .
we are struggling through we have elp from a lady Loretta . Please help Dave tomorrow ( if you are well enough to come back )
The only comment on the structures transaction slide is that ( i ) They are not from this quarter ( ii ) the Rockies Power - prebuild , I am not entirely sure what this deal is - but there was one in Washington . ( iii ) REmove MidWest Gas Utility Outsourcing as we haven't completed this yet - hopefully you can have it for Q4 . ( iv ) Price Risk Management is your call - its really just trading . Louise
Ok I thought it was in Washington state .
hi I don't have any - Jay Fitzgerald managed all of that for me and we closed the group down last year . Sorry Louise
For diary By th eway was I invited to a PRC committee meeting last week . I don't seem to have heard of it but LAvo said it was on WEdnesday or Thursday
Yes - good guy . I think he is moving with Marcello into their new cross commodity group . But he's bright , agressive and worth trying to get .
Can you resend me the doyle email from last week
As I want to go to the Cantor memorial service . Louise
Have you done any deals yet ?
I will Thanks
No to both . Let's discuss .
Cris Bit of an issue here . I had thought we were marking purely the intrinsic value of the options due to their illiquid nature . I really think we need to mark these down to real values unless we can prove out the value by selling a proportion of the warrants into the market . We also clearly have a write down from the number on the balance sheet which is way too high . Please could you evaluate the warrants and come up with a proposal of how we deal with them . Thanks Louise
Please move ( when you get in tomorrow ) Move Geof and Steve til Wednesday Move Hotte until end of week Move Calger to Thursday Thanks Louise
I found the meeting which was when I was in Chicago - please let me know when I am missing such meetings just for my information . In this case I needed to know as I have a follow up meeting with John tomorrow Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
You need to give yourself some !
Could you let me know probabilities on your deals on the hotlist . No rush . Thanks Louise
It doesn't look like you were asked to do anything - just notifying you . No is the answer though . Thanks Louise
I think we are missing - Generation investments and Mitch Robinson's group .
Nope
Get the specifics we are organizing a meeting - need written examples - could you pleae co-ordinate a full list across gas and power . Thanks
It takes a long time to get around to announcements - congrats anyway
I think its a good idea . I thought a lot about it . Spoken to Jonathan recently .
Had a meeting on 50 . How was it ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Can't remember whether I thanked you for this - if not - thanks for your prompt response .
I am also meeting with Robert on your contract - so we should get that done today . Thanks
Joe Deffner needs to take responsibility for reducing these costs and ensuring that our allocations are appropriate - the ones that really stand out to me are Kelly Boots and Glisan . Joe needs to get comfortable with their allocation methodology . Louise
I think we are moving towards this concept . Steve Hotte will take over from Beth Perlman as CIO ENA . Anthony Dayao will remain CIO EES but in addition to Anthony's EES responsibilities , he will also assume responsibilty for creating a combined Wholesale/Retail Power Trading and Risk Management system working closely with Steve Hotte . On the commercial side , I am thinking Beth . I have had preliminary discussions with Beth and Mark on her moving over to our side to manage our requirements . If you have a problem with this - let me know . I have to say finding someone to do this is a difficult job and all ideas welcome . I think Beth brings a base understanding of the business and certainly should be able to drill down on IT side . Its a huge budget and we need someone really responsible for it . On the operations side , I have asked Sally to take a large portion of the IT development budget into her budget as essentially its things like maintenance . Sounds like we are thinking the same thing and we have made some progress towards this goal . Louise
Thanks - I have used it already to Tim . I mentioned the Beth concept - I'll let you know what he says . Jeff Richter is too busy - he runs EES in the West . Keep thinking though I like the idea of Jeff or Barry .
Did Howard attend - if so how's he looking ?
Thanks
Feels better now
Its post earnings so no feeling on a day .
Nope
Same thing just prettier and with more details . Suggest we send to HR for them to implement .
I don't just mean the logon I mean the domaine name too , once you are in EnronOnline you need to stay on www.enrononline.com/xxxxxxxxxxxx .
We can't wait for another meeting - we are in front of the OOC on Monday with the Enron Americas plan . Here's my numbers ( I got them from etrade!!!!!): 0 - 5000 transactions per day $ 8:00/normal transaction ( including internals ) Options $ 10:00/ per option ( using option grid ) Take or Pay Minumum Number of transactions per annum = 1,000,000 Service Interruption ( outage ) Reduction in our bill of $100,000 ( less than 30 minutes ) Reduction in our bill of $500,000 ( greater then 30 minutes ) Per product type set up 0 ( its in your interest as the number of transactions is high in ENA . It think this issue is for other groups. ) On development 0 ( its in your interest - I think this again an issue for other groups. ) Now we all have the same incentive - grow the number of trades . I think this is pretty close for us . Only paying once for a sleeve trade . Let the games begin ! Louise
I went up to Chicago last week and noticed the lack of flat panels in the office . We obviously have hundreds of redundent ones in ENA Houston ( as the new building has new ones) , they are going to redeploy them to you guys - Free ( as we have already paid for them) . They are going to start with Calgary and Toronto . Contact IT if they haven't contacted you . Steve Harrington or Jenny Rub .
great - two please
we only covered commercial .
If you have an issue you need to ring Eric Gonzales . He shouldn't have had the meeting - there is a lack of integrity on this .
This is great - two please
Great photos is that all that's left of EBS's people in London - how many did you have a one point ?
Just in case you didn't know yet
Please could you do the following; Cancel today 4pm Weekly power meeting Tomorrow 4pm Frank Vickers Friday 10am Brian Redmond 4pm Brad Richter Thanks Louise
Brian Redmond or Jean Mrha will need to approve the budget as your number will be charged directly to them . Brian or Jean please co-ordinate your response through Faith Killen .
Please tell them - that I am cancelling due to the Budget process .
Did you hear about Jonathan ? Louise Kitchen
Expenditure verification You have purchased some new computer screens - any particular reason when we all get in the new building ?
There are a lot of people who are not Enron Americas - please cut them out ?
Before Matt left he deposited a confidentiality agreement on my desk which dates back to August 6 , 2001 . Jaime has it now . What do you want me to do with it ? Sign it ?
As I said in the note of yesterday - I have no interest in having the meeting . My assistant is away so its just a misunderstanding . See yesterday's note , we are going in on Monday . I think losing Amita is a major error . There are no other candidates in the organisation with her expertise apart from Zipper , Forster and Savita . Thanks Louise
Today was the last date I discussed with Piper . Before 4pm .
Dynegy to run Orig - in Europe working for Cardone .
Here's a little issue . We have recently needed some screens , pcs etc for new starters . Obviously this is a bit of a peculiar time to buy something when we are on the point of moving . My understanding from Don Black ( who is hiring these people ) is that we have to use ibuyit to request equipment for these people rather than just get IT to give us a temporary ( old screens from EGM ) until we move . What is happening behind the scenes on this issue - do you go an buy new ones or is someone substituting ones that are now redundent ? Thanks Louise
Looks like we are making outstanding progress . This is great news .
Power trading or Origination spring to mind . Power Trading is interviewing Tim tomorrow , do you want me to set something up for you too . Forster is running one of the power origination groups , give hime a ring .
OK
Fine - how are you ? Baby not turning over yet because he's big!! ! Lots of people falling out of EBS aren't there .
How's Nadine and baby by the way ?
He's 5 months , 19lbs and not rolling over ! 90th percentile for weight , 50th height , 50th head circumference . doesn't sound like it will be long before you have another one !
done
Just so you know
No concerns . We managed to get about $40mm reduction the IT development budget , you are picking up some of the reduced budget ( See Lloyd Will's email of earlier today) . Let Lloyd know if you have any problems as we are getting fairly close to sign off . Thanks Louise
is in town ? Are you seeing him - if so are you taking anyone from power ?
I think we need to include groups with MPR where is was originated this year .
Do these match ours ?
MAke sure we get at least 15% reduction . Thanks Louise
Ok - I butt out . EBS only has a handful left now and with redundancies over there they are trying real hard to place their people .
We need a back up plan for when you are away because Kim is away too . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Please arrange a meeting between ENA and EES asap . Title: Coverage Attendees from ENA: Frank Vickers , Chris Calger , Louise Kitchen , John Lavorato , David Forster,Dave Duran , Barry Tycholiz Attendees from EES: Ring Kay Chapman to find out . Early next week or end of this week .
let me know what he said
Just so you know , I am nearer the bottom of the issue . A user of ibuyit can select whether they want new equipment or old equipment . So I surveyed our assistants - obviously more than ours up here , to see if any of them knew that you could order OLD equipment instead of NEW . None of them did , including TJ Black who has since I have been receiving my weekly reports ordered the most IT equipment . Jenny's group is to some extent relying upon this selection to buy the equipment . Don Black's equipment was bought new even though he is about to move but will get used in remote offices where they have no flat panels . So the buying is done by EA and someone else is benefitting . As there is no way around ibuyit , I think we need a default where we use old equipment instead of new equipment . As no-one replied to my previous email - I live in hope . Thanks Louise
Can't wait to see you . I think its a good choice .
Not really enough detail on specific areas where they are crossing territory . We know they are talking to munis but are they talking to utilities ? We need names etc . Split the list into areas Industrials in our SIC codes Utilities Munis Thanks
yup
No problem - the issue is I can never find you on the Address Book , because of the C . Louise
no - only if specified is my understanding , although on flat panels they are now trying .
well - what do you think of that ! I have someone who is a suplong Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Scott just sent you the message before I'd finished . So I have a real long shot for you to talk to at some point . Matthew Scrimshaw - I don't think he'll move to Portland but he might . So an ideas yourself ?
nope
I would be - it was an email with Scott on my lap . John's conversation with you today is what I am talking about . If so - I have a hole , do I not in Portland . So I know this chap MS who won't move to Portland but its worht you talking to him . Should you decide to pursue John's conversation further . Let's talk tomorrow .
Zippy trades under Arnold's but if you report to John and Michael you need V@R
Heads Up , I spoke to Jonathon this evening . I confirmed that Dynegy had been speaking to Eric Shaw at length . I think the only reason Jonathan got the job was that he asked for less money . Speak soon
Houston , Texas Tel . 713.526.4700 Lunch Monday thru Friday 11:30-2pm . Dinner Sunday 5:30-10 , Monday thru Thursday 5:30-11 , Friday and Saturday 5:30-midnight . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Hard times - but we're all behind you . Keep going .
That is awful . Poor little kid . Do they think it was just another child ?
This one is searching through expoense reports . I have no interest . Can you guys do this for John please .
When people request an understanding of gas or power - does this mean you ask people from ENA to give tours or speak or something ? Is there any role we play in hosting the event ?
We're getting them back believe it or not!! ! They are ours again . So its ok . We got the merchant business back a week , we don't even know who made that decision but its our again .
Don't tell me - did you tell his nibs - it's his issue
How are these items progressing ?
Can you invite Breslau and LaGrasta and Luce ,
Yes - cancel Power origination Yes - cancel them going forward - John doesn't need them either at the moment
I would like to allocate the costs on everything going forward . We need transparency on these events . Thanks Louise
with not being able to access our own reports - this is the second time I have asked . Please open up the reports to me . Or is there someone else I should be asking ?
Will do
It seems silly to have all of us going to dave as he is the only EES person attending Invite Frank , Laura , Tycholiz , Lagrasta , Breslau , Duran , Forster , Calger , Foster , Just in case we haven't invited any of them . Thanks Louise
Thanks Can you get it from the price screen rather than the internet
John Arnold asked me this morning about individuals on EOL . Apparently, . John was told that I had a problem with this . I haven't had a conversation on this since 1999, . At that time I sidelined the issue as it was complex , bearing in mind everything else that was going on . I would suggest you and Mark address tis together . I have no idea who told John this as I haven't had a dizcussion on this issue since 1999 . Louise
Let me know if it goes any lower
Lavo called it , never mind though
Yup he can do it by phone
Do we have New York sorted out ?
Did we get ours back ?
How's the share price ?
Would you mind doing the following 1 . Ring Teresa at Jaegar and ask if she can get me another plum top ( sleeveless ) 2 . Could you check on my appointment at Manos y Mas that I have a standing appointment every two weeks . 9:00am every second Saturday with Michelle . I would like to have a pedicure every 4 weeks at the samr time as my manicure . So I have an appointment every two weeks going forward for amanicure and a pedicure every 4 weeks . The pedicure needs to be with someone else so its at the same time . 3 . Could you start working on the Trip to the uk at xMas . I need a chauffeur when we arrive to take us either to Kings Cross to get a train or go all the way home . Depends on price . Kelly Ferrari will have the name od ac chauffeur company . I also need the name of some apartments in London to stay in from Jill Whitehead - could you try ringing her - she has a web address . I am not expecting any of this today , but its nice to have things to look forward to . Thanks
Any Messages ?
Are you on the diet with me ?
How far is that ( the airport they usually fly too ) from downtown . It is probably a good idea to go and stay downtown
Let's stay downtown then .
They're not having the baby then . Its still going on - quite boring though .
I am looking forward to the salad .
On my way bak
Don't know I have to go
venting
too late
all
I can perfectly see which reports I have access to and which ones I do not . So please explain why all I can't see Enron Americas Position Report for example .
I was referring to all cost centers excluding HPL . Regulatory does not need to be covered by you . Here's my cut on Texas - do we need more ? You Director Manager Associate Analyst
The only thing I have to look forward to . That'll be fine Thanks
Is it me and not Lavo due to him maybe not attending
I think the job may still be open next year .
Just what I needed !
I'll talk to Frevert but I really thought the panel session last year was incredibly weak and don't think something of that format should be pursued again . I would hope for a major change in format .
Going out tonight
Forward to Tim Detmering Tim , How much money does Mariner have in the bank ? Please drop John and I an email . Louise
Thanks I think they're behind us .
Sorry I completely forgot it was Wednesday
Does this still have capacity ? Can I put the West Desk's ERCs in this vehicle ? How quickly ? How much capacity is left ? Respond when you can .
yup
Don't we need the heads of all the power origination groups too
WE need to put them in . Ring me .
no
Here's what I have so far ( who are we supposed to tell about this?? ) ( i ) Broker Margins Approx: $50mm Availability: End of Week Probability: 85% Current position ( initial margin ) $60mm out . John Arnold will tomorrow bring a large portion of this back by moving positions to our Paribas credit line ( we have a $75mm line which we are only using $15mm of) . I am working on the rest , which is spread across various other EGM books . Approx: $135mm Availability: Within month Probability: 50% We have ( i ) $10mm in the enovate bank account ( $20mm in total , 50:50 Enron Peoples) , ( ii ) $40mm storage inventory and ( iii ) $75mm in a pre-pay . ( iii ) Emmissions Reductions Credits ( held by West Power) . Approx: $25.5mm Availability: Dependent on whether financing Probability: 50% If the vehicle is rolled , then we could look to use the additional capacity . The vehicle will be rolled next week . ( iv ) Mariner - Zero ( $2mm in bank ) Deffner's group working on EGM's $400mm and Joe Gold is ready to go with his $300mm . So that's good , we should be able to get some of this off .
I spoke to Chris on this today , we are covering Foster but not going to do anything on the others at this time . We can review in another month or so .
LEt me know if you are planning any of these .
We recognize that we are experiencing a difficult time at Enron now and you are all interfacing with our customers every day . We are therefore holding a short meeting at 9:00am tomorrow morning to answer questions from you and your groups . Tammie to advise on the room . Please invite all of your groups . Louise
fine
I can bring back probably $45-50mm on Friday , by switching to Paribas . Maybe more , Shankman is working on his margin too . On Peoples -I'll get back to you tomorrow .
Cheers
Counterparties logging in: 891 External Users: 4726
It's really easy to assume that companies are closing positions and that's why there are so many trades .
Yes - Tammie still trying to find a room - can you let Frank and Laura's group know as they are out .
This meeting will happen this morning at 9:00am . Tammie is still tring to get a room .
Is the rest of the stuff coming and when ? Particularly I am looking for OTC margin analysis with updates ( including all counterparties and with October ) and also I want to know the actual Nymex balance as off yesterday - I can see cash flows but not the balance .
New numbers for some people , could you please get these done asap including the new wording taking out any contingencies . We are expecting them to start flowing in one hour . Louise Matt Motley 1.30 Jeff Richter 0.90 Foster 0.20 Total
That's ok - he always has done
Great background - hope you are well . Louise
Please give me the ENA individuals then as surely the whole point of ibuyit is forthem to do it themselves .
Jay has been pulling reports over the last couple of days and so far so good . Reported attached if you need it .
The question is - with our capital constraints - is he the right guy ?
How's it going ? Any news after the revolver letter went ?
It is evident that our customers continue to view Enron as a major liquidity provider in global energy markets . Change 1,399 users to 1,399 counterparties .
You are officially my favourite people
thanks
See Squawk box
Yes please . Let's discuss how we move forward in the morning
Seems like a great idea
Left a voicemail for him .
Mike I do not think these emails are helpful . Pleae direct all questions to Chris Calger . Thanks Louise
Delay it for a couple of weeks at least .
I really do not think this a great week for me time wise - I'll try but I doubt I will manage it .
We just haven't got time this week - I assume he will understand .
Brian Redmond is working this
Keep working the deal - I left Tom a voicemail . Now we have the cash you can work the deals at a b it slower pace - use your judgement . I still want as much of that money as possible . Thanks Louise
Brian is working this are you two talking
Txu is off everyone else ok
Tyhis is very sensitive please leave it to Brian
I called tom at 830 this morning . I left a message . Is that enough for this week .
How much ?
I have no idea what this is but don't do anything Fred until I find out
We need to talk about this month .
How are you doing with sierra pacific - I really need it ?
i didn't leave strong and stable . I left a unstable but got loads of cash voicemail .
Having spoken to Brian yesterday we need to redo his plan as most of his stuff is covered by reserves .
West Power Desk Assuming book outs 2,208MW of 70,000MW ( 3.15% ) No book outs 44,167MW of 70,000MW ( 63% ) East Power Desk West: If it all goes physical ( if people stop taking us) , entire western market would be exposed by 31,250 average megawatts per day or as most of it is on peak 40,000MWs average on peaks / 70,000MWs entire market 4,167MWs of off peak Total 44,167MWs out of 70,000MWs total market Assuming book out of 95% 2,208MWs out of 70,000MW market .
Mary is working up all the options on severance and furloughs . She will have all the data and legal perspectives whenever we need to push a botton if we button . Louise
LC wrap I need this for Tuesday/Wednesday . This is a the high priority . I have given Lisa all the resources . We need this .
Lisa now has everything . She Mauy have been told she had people but Nobody had started . I will be checking up with lisa
is Lisa doing ok on the LC wrap ?
What arr you up to with Vince
Please ring Lavo on 37991
In the budget numbers we had a headcount of 638 . I would like a list of all of those employees of Enron North America , with work numbers , home phone numbers , cell phones and pagers . I would also like the same for EES wholesale . It may be easy to do this by looking at the floor plans for the new buildings .
Not in the near future
Is it bad ?
I am all over it
Not good really for me as I was finally hoping to get paid this year
go slow on this - in terms of closing ref money out the door
New onecoming tomorrow
ignore the other one
sorry missing the message When are the payments and how much are they if we keep moving forward as I am not prepared to write down a 23mm loss . Payments and payment dates please . Thanks Louise Please say not soon too .
Attachment shows where we ended up . I really don't think it helps if we have customers read only on EOL . How does that hurt us ? It certainly helps them - I think you have a publicity nightmare too .  We should probably talk but I am more of the opinion we'll take anyone's credit now and risk reducing helps them to keep trading potentially . AEP sent us a very threatening letter . Way outside of their contractual rights .
Do the innocuouss route and send them a letter stating you will change it at the next available/scheduled GTC change would be my suggestion . Also just to confirm no GTC changes on anything for the near future . Thanks Louise
It never rains when it pours !
finally read it - I thought it was pretty crappy . I am spending all my days in credit . Head above water but only just .
Surely we can cover this from within Virgo's team ?
WE are not sending the money - let's discuss . Ring me if you can -I'm in the office Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
but we didn't include EOL - what's the story there ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
What is that charge ?
I need help - my home pc is down and unless I sleep in the office its not good .
No quite what I was looking for - I want to know the margin amounts ( in /out and the imbalance
No support for Mexico . Louise
I want to include all variation margin on this report too. . Please resend today's and include going forward . Thanks
Can't be .
Sorry I won't be
1 . Poor guy - how is he ? 2 . Inappropriate . 3 . No intercompany moves at the moment . 4 . No interest . 5 . See Jeanie Slone - she has it . 6 . Get cash in . Thanks Louise
Prepays - although they do not terminate they do drop to zero collateral on a further downgrade .
2 . Cancel Thanks PRC is something we should do all in one day . I'll let you know . Working on Peoples inventory or cash from anywhere helps .
What is the number ? I am very worried that you are sending a negative message on Enron out of the building .
It may tie but what is the difference - I think the uneven margining in Mahonia 9 is costing us a lot . I'm not worried about the actual number just the imbalance in margin which hasn;'t come back to us
Ray Essentially they are fishing its not a really good time for them to come in ( but when is) . Its a reassurance meeting please help if you can . Joe Bob Perkins did a lot of damage in the market to us initially ( one month ago ) so assume everything you say get's made public . The fact we are doing 3500 trades a day still is a thing you can tell him . Thanks :Louise
Let's get on it really seriously tomorrow . We should have at least started AEP's notice period with your note today . Did we send margin letters on others today as we need to . Louise
Rob , Let's discuss an action plan Louise
FYI Bill ( Bradford ) and I have a plan but the number is a bit higher than we thought .
Please organise a car to pick up my Mum and Dad at 4:15pm tomorrow to take them to the airport . Thanks Louise Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
These guys tried the Ken Lay route . Now they are part of your working group .
Not going well
Please update daily
I need a two bedroom
Seems like something which takes time to implement particularly as we do not have margin contracts with our counterparty - this changes the function of EnronOnline to a margin exchange mechanism . Long run not a short term solution .
Not included in the schedule is the $300mm of LCs expiring on 11/30 . Just so you know - but I think the decision is obvious .
Customer Name Forecasted Amount Actual Amount Variance Comments AEP Energy Services , In Total $ 23,734,253.90 $23,734,253.90 AEP will not pay due to $10 mill o/s with other Enron entity per AEP credit Duke Energy Trading and Total $ 1,878,883.59 $ 1,878,883.59 Louisiana Gas Service , Total $ 1,359,334.50 $ 1,359,334.50 Southwestern Electric P Total $ 308,450.56 $ 308,450.56 Will not pay?Tom & Lisa to handle TransCanada Gas Service Total $ 8,298,143.37 $ 8,298,143.37 West Linn Paper Company Total $ 353,492.38 $ 353,492.38 Wisconsin Gas Company Total $ 2,951,547.46 $ 2,951,547.46 ENA Upstream Customer Name Forecasted Amount Actual Amount Variance Comments Ashland Distribution Co Total $ 559,550.00 $ 559,550.00
Enron Management Committee I hereby resign from the above mentioned committee .
Waitlist if no cost and find somewhere else asap
I'm out of the cash loop - you need to talk to Bowen
You need to talk to Bowen . When payments stopped I moved out of the loop
Please look for them and discuss with Nikki
Can you do anything about this or do we we just ignore it.............. .
Its not live at the moment but
We are doing Ok with 3 banks - we may still be in business . So we should all still have jobs .
Credit Bradford Bill Vice President Brackett Debbie Sr Director Rohauer Tanya Sr Director Nelson Rod Director Sacks Ed Manager Williams Jay Manager McGinnis Stephanie Manager Reasoner Monica Sr Analyst Radous Paul Manager Suttle John Manager Sononstine Max Sr Analyst Vanek Darren Analyst Wilhite Jane Sr Analyst Conwell Wendy Sr Analyst Brown Kortney Sr Analyst Espinoza Veronica Analyst Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
fast for both
A . Combs - W . Power I will personally make sure we have Jim . Please make sure these people are not severed .
Still here - no idea what the Standard Power offer is - so probably not going to help but there are signs of hope for gas and power trading . Unbelievable that a trading shop was brought down by rogue traders .
I meant rogue finance guys! !
You need to stay - I am trying to get us sold .
The same here now
Thanks for the note . We are really trying very hard to keep the trading and marketing organisation in North American gas and power together with a view to selling it . We have a lot of interest at the moment so I have my fingers crossed . Everyone is still here and to be honest I'm proud of the fact they are holding on still to see if we can compete the sale . Here's a little fact - two years to the day of launch I turned EnronOnline off worldwide when it was in full swing , it was actually just when we had the downgrade announcement . I think it will be back though . I think I am still in shock that a rogue finance group and some bad investments brought down a trading shop . That must be first . If all else fails - I'll ring you on how to get my book published . Take care & I will keep in touch . Louise
We are doing commercial this morning , have we got the other numbers .
We need to also add Colin Tonks to the list in Jeff's groups .
Over to you Hunter
Can you find out how much it is ?
With Canada Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Regulatory Alan Comnes West Power Susan Lindberg Are all of these people still here ? We obviously hope so , as we would like them for NEWCO
Please get those two people back .
Please get the following back Immediate Webb - Zach Moring ENW - Corporate Systems ( is this the correct person - the spreadsheet just had Zach M and this is the only person I could find ) Webb - Linden Chiu ENW - ENA Front Office and Risk Systems Hall - Amelia Cavazos ENW - Energy Ops Financial Gas Support Piper - Lydia Cannon Enron Online Piper - Cecil John Enron Online Piper - Stephen Matthew Enron Online Piper - Karen O'Day Enron Online Belden - Mark Fillinger West Development - San Francisco [Kitchen , Louise]
WE are getting them back
You're the king !
I don't understand whta she is offering
Need to co-ordinate with Greg Piper and Brad Richter
You're still there then . Is Enron Europe in administration or liquidation ?
Ben please deal with .
Ok - I think all the wrtie ups etc are fine - the only one would be EOL that is an issue . But not the end of the world .
4 days is long enough . I'll wait to hear from Carol but I believe we are ok . It was sold - not sure on closing - you need to email rob milnthorp
List of traders Tom Martin Jim Schweiger John Arnold Mike Maggi Andy Zipper Hunter Shively Geof Storey Scott Neal Dana Davis Fletch Sturm Kevin Presto Mike Roberts ( Weather - non-trading but lots of apps ) Mike Grigsby Is that enough or do you want all of them ?
I have the master -= worried about your volume managment people ? Its coming
Let's not forget this one
I am going to ask Greg W if you can be included in NewCo , but I never really asked if you wanted to be . Do you want to be ?
I left you on Portland for now but obviously when we announce the strucutre it will change . Duran does know though .
We do need a list tomorrow morning . I am still in meetings . Is is possible to email me questions .
Come and see me tomorrow .
Seems like a logical request . Tell me 90 days is not serious? ?
All is officially crap here - I have worked 10 weeks straight no week-ends , all night and still its horrible . Hope its better for you over there . We have buyers - it's just gettting more and more horrible to be in the building - well actually in Houston come to that .
Please make sure Tom does does have any of hiis access shut off today by error . He is not on list 3 . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
please contact Bob Macauliffe to make sure he doesn't have Tom cut off from an access and IT perspective . Its important please make sure you do this immediately you get in . Thanks
Piper is incorrect in the sense there is no decision on who owns the code or licence yet . EOL is not for sale today .
He would be a good addition somewhere - thoughts ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
In the interests of full communication - here's an email I sent to EOL . It's only a comment not a direction for Jay or anything - but it was a pretty sad read for me .
you are been estalked !
Any time tomorrow morning possible ?
Give me a ring when you are on your way .
Thanks for working on this - I appreciate it . Louise
I did
Let's get some time tomorrow . Essentially although there is still a long way to go and nothing is certain , Greg has decided that Rick will run a group including Market Risk , Credit Risk and Research . Things are too early to know whether you will report in only in that way or also directly through their credit departments which was certainly a preference of one or two of the bidders . Let's discuss more , I do have some other details for you too .
Shouldn't we have let this group go ? Why are we retaining them ?
Pay
no holidays ------------------------ not even christmas
I would like to discuss a change of management for EnronOnline under the Netco scenario . I believe that we have a very short period of time to get EnronOnlne back up and running and with this in mind it may be preferable to change out the management sooner rather than later . I think there is a lot of preparation work which can be done now . Can we discuss ? Thanks
I can send you people . Jay Webb and Jenny Rub can do the rest .
Copies of the front to back detail process flows for the Gas and Power businesses done in April by IT Compliance department Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
What happens to the money in Wachovia ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Ohoh its all gone to ratshit !
We now have a structure in place dealing with Enron Americas estate and ensuring that we best maximize all of our contractual and asset positions . This team will be headed by Don Miller going forward please help him and the team as this is our highest priority . Some areas of this organization remain blank and will be completed by Don and the head of the appropriate business unit . There are some areas which will also be dual tasking for a period . Louise
What does that mean ?
Firstly , I never pick up voicemail so I just got your message from the week-end . Sorry . Anyway EnronOnline: There are two versions today - we keep one in NewCo and the Estate keeps one . Two teams can be allocated for each . It works - we have enough people to do it . In terms of the Estate: The Estate will keep a copy of the source code and the Estate will also maintain a staff on both the development side and the support side in order to ensure the service can be maintained . The source code and build process are sufficient to allow for running almost immediately . We actually have two EnronOnline environments today - the 'staging environment' and the real 'production environment' . Essentially we would leave the staging environment for Enron - it is simply a question of staffing which I believe is totally possible now we have allocated the staff to NewCo and the Enron estate . In terms of NewCo: EnronOnline will be maintained for NewCo using the production environment . With its own staff .
I altered it .
You don't ever need to sell to me . I'll let you know progress as we move forward .
Fine
Working name only
just rang me - they want to meet with John Sherriff and Joe Gold???????????? ? What is going on???????????? ? They are going very deep into reserves too .
You'll need to talk to Wes I think he is about to shut them down
Don't forget the EDI we use for pipeline noms Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Can you please include the following
We intend to assign the current ones .
Mr . & Mrs . B.A . Kitchen 37 New Walk Beverley East Yorkshire HU17 7DR United Kingdom Mr . & Mrs . P.A . Kitchen 3 The Granary Wilson Road Hadleigh Suffolk IP7 5RO United Kingdom
You have deducted 60,000 miles for round trip upgrades for the following Louise Nettelton John Nettelton Scott Nettelton when the upgrades were one way only . Please add back 30,000 miles .
correct Apart from the estate EOL people
These too
I;ll email as soon as I get back ( 1hour )
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Scary
Barbara , It's Saturday night in Houston and Marcus ( my husband ) and I just hung your painting in our dining room . It looks unbelievable - we love it . I decided because I loved it too much to bring in home and it is now in our home . Thankyou so much .  Tammie will sort our the money on Monday . I love it so much I had to bring it home.It is far too good for work . Take care and obviously our thoughts are with you at this time . We look forward to the yellow one and we have already decided where to put it . I will take so photos so you can see how prominent the red one is in our home . Take care Louise
1 . Estate / Buyer pays $12.5mm in 2001 bonus payments to approx 600 people . To be delivered as retention payments . 2 . Retention pool to be established $50mm ( 75% cash 25% stock) . This money to be provided by the Buyer outside of the established Bonus pool . 3 . Cash to be paid 33% on signing 33% in 6 months from signing 33% in 12 months from signing 4 . Contracts: ( i ) 70% of Top 10 - 2 year ( within 3 days of signing ) ( ii ) 70% of Top 20 - 1 year ( within 7 days of signing ) ( iii ) 70% of Top 50 - 1 year or retention ( to be established on average pay for 2001 ) ( within 60 days of signing ) Top 10 to be identified as: Kitchen Allen Webb Bradford Top 20 Top 10 plus Arnold Sturm Presto Davis Benson Martin
As you know I have Business Flights home each year under my contract . As I will be unable to travel to the UK due to the requirement to be in Houston over the holidays I intend to use them for my parents , borther and sister-in-law . Any difference in the cost I intend to cover or offset against the cheques from expenses which bounced until we can figure out whether Enron intends to meet expense payments .
I read Anne's document - does that not work ? What is John Casaucoumeq's title ?
I take it I do not need to do this ?
Sorry its all prepetition . I already claimed the flights , now I will not be using them as I can not go home . I am using the money to pay for my parents's flights although not all of the money will be used . The rest of the money I intend to offset against expense checks which bounced . Should there be an imbalance - I will sort this out with Enron once payments have been completed on expense checks . OK ?
Not quite sure where we ended up on this lot but clearly some of the below are Enron Europe's , so we do not need to bother with them .
Calgary 52 Employees Office Chicago 5 Employees Enovate Joint Venture - discussion pending on fate Denver 3 Employees To be discussed Dublin 1 Employee At home Houston 699 Employees Office Monterrey 3 Employees To be discussed New York City 2 Employees To be discussed Norcross 1 Employee At home Portland 78 Employees Office San Francisco 2 Employees At home Toronto 9 Employees Office Washington 1 Employee At home 856 Employees Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
To be honest you guys need to continue organizing this as we have no idea what is going on in the creditors committee - I didn't even know they were here until Mark rang me . You can have whichever resources you want although Berney is EES . I would suggest you continue to lead the effort though .
Apparently so . If you get a copy let me have a copy too please . I'll try Mark
This is the wording required for employment contracts for Canada which resolves the tax issue . Please discuss and include with Buyers Thanks
Liz Letter for Greg to send to Sempra asap .
Ooops sorry I forgot . Please send a list of names in Netco to Sally and Bob . Please remove comp data . Thanks Louise
OK Please check with Don Miller too . Netco does not want San Francisco going forward and probably not Chicago .
I really need that email done , if we can't do it with IT then Tammie can do it in the morning . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Cheers big ears
All gas at least
Tammie They know you are picking up the tickets - you will need a photo id too . You need to be in your seats 30 minutes before the show - get a cocktail to take in - I recommend the 'O' . You probably should pick up your tickets at an earlier time than the show as the queues are horrible just before showtime . Louise Thank you for purchasing your tickets through the Bellagio Web site . This message confirms your purchase , as follows: Performance: "O" BY CIRQUE DU SOLEIL-MON Venue: "O" THEATRE AT BELLAGIO Date: February 4 , 2002 Time: 7:30 PM Number of tickets: 2 Seat: Level ORCH , Section 202 , Row W , Seat 1-2 Your Delivery Choice ( see note below): Pick up at the Bellagio Ticket Office Confirmation number: 96-16376 A printed version of this page , along with a photo ID and the credit card used to make this purchase must be presented to obtain your tickets . Only the credit card holder may pick up tickets . Third-party billing will not be accepted . Tickets may be picked up at the Bellagio Ticket Office at your earliest convenience , but no later than one hour prior to showtime . Otherwise , your reservation is subject to cancellation . Ticket office hours are 9am to 11pm Friday through Tuesday; 9am to 9pm Wednesday and Thursday . Theatre doors open one hour prior to showtime . Please be seated 30 minutes prior to the performance . Late arrivals will be seated at the proper interval during the performance . No cameras or recording devices are permitted inside the Theatre . If you need more information on your purchase , please contact the Bellagio Ticket Office by calling ( 888 ) 488-7111 . Reserve a room online at Bellagio: Explore the world of Cirque du Soleil and take a virtual backstage tour of "O" at
I have already registered several domaine names in the interest of getting up and running as soon as possible post sale of the business . I have experience of delays as we have tried to retrieve domaine names where people have squatted intentionally in order to extract large sums of cash . Should any of the buyers raise any issues - I do intend to use these for the purposes of our new business . I have a lot of them - spurious and real . Louise
One of our potential buyers will be here at 9am on Thursday . The scope of the meeting is to run through the integration schedule . This is a very broad agenda and will probably be very interactive . I tried to put Ops first but it really doesn't make sense . This really is a really rough agenda for you guys to decide upon but I wanted to set out the areas they wish to cover . 9 am Introduction 9:15 am Infrastructure Rub 10 am IT - Development & Ops Webb 11 am Mid Office Intergation Overview Hall 12 noon Accounting , cash etc Integration Overview Colwell/Georges/Meyers 11am Tour of the building/infrastructure Donovan Wes - they want to cover bank accounts and cash in detail . Some time during the morning they want a tour of the facilities - I am arranging with Bill Donovan . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
All I get is a white screen Merry Christmas
Its pretty critical as the other one is not . I need the international bar removed Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
What day does it show I was paid for the flights to the UK ? I can't find the payment in my acco9unt . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
This will slow us if we go this route . I think the idea of an option to purchase is the best choice for us but probably difficult for you .
nah !
Let's discuss Thanks Louise
I have never received any expense in my bank account , probably due to the difference in the names on the systems . This is a huge issue and I need to know how much money is missing immediately and how this gets resolved . I would think that we issued them in 'Kitchen' and therefore they were bounced by my account which is in 'Nettelton' . I may be wrong if this is a common problem . I may never have been paid any . Please check all expenses going back all year . This is a huge number which state they have been paid and have not hit my bank account . Of the expenses showing up not cleared on my bank account I have received none of the payments which I think adds up as follows: Plus I have a cheque for a prior expense which bounced which is for about $4000 . In pre- petition expenses this is clearly more than $5000 . In post petition - I also have expenses pending which will bounce if the name on the payee does not correspond to the account holder name . Tammie - please work on this as our highest priority tomorrow .
As I never used them - when do they get refunded - we then need to net off on expenses and reclaim the family ones . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
So I never got paid ( expenses ) for my tickets home . Surprize!!!! ! So if I cancel - obviously as I didn't go . Can I then reclaim the economy ones I booked for my parents and brother instead as I did not take my 2001 entitlement . The tickets were all economy ( 4 x $1374:74) . A lot cheaper still than three business seats . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
We will have a networked pc in the room - so choose if you want handouts or a powerpoint . Kim will forward details of the room today . Thanks Louise
Thanks .
He will obviously be finally moving to Houston then - clever move !
Have thought of a way around this . - Find out as much as you can on why it happened and lets discuss .
The emails I sent out . Please discuss the meeting and let me know the way forward .
Got it thanks . It will be Greg Whalley and I attending . Greg is President of Enron . John is out but will attend next week should we prrogress . See you tomorrow .
Thank you for all coming in this morning - I think it went very well . Particular thanks to those of you who were supposed to be on vacation . Please could you all send a copy of your presentations to Tammie Schoppe . Thanks again Louise
We have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the Re-start/Integration Plans for Netco . So far , we have primarily focussed on the mid/back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors . Several plans are in the final stages of completion including:- + Infrastructure Jenny Rub + Development Jay Webb + HR David Oxley + Cash Management Tom Myers + Credit Debbie Brackett The rest will be completed shortly . We now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus . John and I would like to receive the plans "Re-start/Integration" plans by January 7th , 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups . The focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible . I have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but I thought it might help . Please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually . Customer Side + Customers Phase 1 - First Week ( eg top 10 ) Phase 2 - First Month ( eg top 50 ) Phase 3 - First Quarter ( eg top 100 ) + Action Plan Phase 1 Customers Phase 2 Customers Phase 3 Customers + Contracts by customers ( pre-prepared with credit terms etc ) + Customer visit schedule Product Side + List of Products Phase 1 - First Week Phase 2 - First Month Phase 3 - First Quarter Target Number of Transactions IT transfer Louise
Oh oh - I suppose it all went to the other Bob . I thought you were Robert L Hall Jr
Groovy thanks
What is the purpose of this ?
Can you co-ordinate weather , reg and structuring . I have some concerns we have missed out some weather models etc .
I would assume 30mm for planning purposes
Now you're in !
No attachment
Firstly , Dave is not responsible for the initial creation of these numbers which was done by Brad Richter before Dave joined the group . I presume it was based on Brad's evaluations . I suggest we wait another week to see the structure of the transaction before moving numbers .
We just need people to give us a week . Surely they'll give us that long . How are the new designs coming ? Did you and Avril have a nice Christmas - I am trying to reconnect my UK cell phone - I have been on the phone for 1 and half hours .
Just when you thought it was safe........................... . We need to start working on getting everyone together who is in Netco in time for the sale of the company . The ideal move time would be either this week-end or the next . The idea is that everyone ( 856 ) resides on 5 and 6 in the new building . HR has the most up to date list of who all of the people are . But essentially the organisation is just a smaller version of what we have today . All commercial people on 6 , non-commerical on 5 . We would need to plan for an office to be created in the room next to mine ( but hold off on implementing that piece) . As the credit group is already here ( in the room next to mine ) - it would be really good to move them first so they do not have to move back to the old building and then back . Thanks
Ring each of the people on the list to make sure they know they have to produce the plan below by the end of the week . Let me know who you have problems contacting .
Happy New Year by the way .
No real choice - apparently there was an issue with visas so Jay told them they could say no . Let's revisit Wednesday .
I copied this email list and copied Rita Wynne , Stacey White by mistake which obviously I shouldn't have done .
Eric Moon resigned Haedicke Back in Elbertson Back in Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
East Orig was dessimated - we really need to staff up quickly . Dave has some ideas of people and costs . Can you get together on getting some people . Thanks Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
ARe you still in ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
No - this is a serious problem FERC is just a month and probably will be expediated to less than that . I want all the transmission and pool agreements to start much earlier - what is the problem with starting the negotiation now . We really cannot accept these timescales - we have always assumed one month and all of this stuff is in place . I'll be on the phone call - let me know times/numbers Tammie - get Liz Sager to attend
Handouts only .
Make sure all these people get to the meeting
Cool - we are ready .
No I did mean Duran - he told me he had a whole group of people we could bring in and he knew at what cost .
Tammie - please set up a meeting with Chris ( he needs to be in a room in Portland for confidentiality ) as soon as possible this morning - hopefully before or not long after the 9:30 ( portland time power meeting ) Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Portland Meeting 11:30am Please could you attend .
You mean shouldn't be together - good point
If you are in - please can you come to my office if not Tammie please organize a dial in
I can't get attachments - please send teXt copy
Good point - assume for now that we are running identical trading books as it should be easy to cut the ones we do not want . Obviously we shouldn't bother with bridgeline , peoples or anything like that . Will that work ?
Please ask wes to come over for 9:30 or earlier
The meeting is to try and get portland back in line on timings - we clearly should not be in a position to trade physically immediately but within a month . I am scared by his approach of 120 days for interconnection and 60 for FERC .
Can you ask Wes to bring the proforma too ( 15 copies )
Where's Jeanie ?
Yes still need it -when are you back ?
Can you get me the Calger letter done ?
No surprize there
It is no probs
Can you talk to the appropriate commercial people and get them to decide ?
I'm so sorry - hope things go ok
No The Weather group is the Meterologists and the Crude group are the original Fred Lagrasta marketers who were spun off under Randy Maffett - they will be brought back into the fold for gas marketing . So we don't need mid/back office support .
FYI
No master on EOL .
Yes - all enabling agreements need to be included
Shawn We have had a lot of discussion on the contractual arrangements we would need to put in place in order to recommence trading as quickly as possible . I am working on producing a fuller list for you today . However , there is one particular contract/licence which does require special treatment - Power Marketing Licence to be granted by FERC . In order to ensure that we start this process as quickly as possible we are looking to complete the filing documentation in advance of the bankruptcy decision on our future . Our current strategy is as follows ( all dates are approximate ) Present - January 10th , 2002 Complete filing documentation January 11th Visit with FERC ( One of senior executives here plus a senior executive from our buyer ) January 13th File and request an expedited process It would be extremelly helpful if you could identify someone for the Head of our Regulatory Group ( Jim Steffes ) to co-ordinate with at Citi . Thanks Louise
Does seem a bit of an issue - who is in charge of this ? Robert ?
Jim Steffes will be contacting UBS through you . I did Citigroup ( hope that's OK) .
Is Barry Pearce in the list ? See below for alterations
The following people have been identified as no longer with the company although they are on the Netco list . Please let Kari know on any changes ( Jeanie is out) . I assume there are no problems but if so let me know . Larry Hunter - Documentation Deidre McCaffrey - Gas Origination Larry Cash - Gas Settlements Jon Lewis - Risk
Thanks
I would like the Solitude , MT,USA photo . Mounted but not framed . Black mount . 60 inches . I would like in exactly the same format as the one you sent me last Christmas of Field of Rainbows . If you still have that one on record . Do I get a discount as a returning customer ? What is the delivered price ( including Fedex) . Thanks Louise Kitchen aka Louise Nettelton
It might help if I told you the shipping address ! Houston , Texas , USA
HR gave the list to me - I hope they are still getting paid
But what is her status now ?
Is it coming back ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
I needed the full list tonight - is this all I get . We are assuming all pipes that we trade today .
It was someone for David
I'll sort
Organisational Charts have been requested by one of the potential Buyers . Please send to Tammie by close of play tomorrow . Thanks
No - please carry on . UBS meeting went OK
Barry is in Accounting for now , Jim wants him for the estate . All of that was before you were in . I had to plan . I think Barry is an asset - Wes and I don't know where though . Any thoughts ?
It's long but good .
I definitely had a black mat last time . I would like a black mat again . In reality this is a picture for a friend so I will copy to her and she can order it directly based on the fact that it doesn't look like I got any discount for being a returning customer . So Ellie , this is what you want with a black mat . MTX233-60 Solitude , Lake McDonald $1030.00 ( $936.36 ex GST for o/seas orders ) FRMM60 Mount and mat $198.10 ( $180.09 ex GST ) Freight $250.00 Fay , please co-ordinate with Ellie . Thanks for your help Louise
East Desk??? ?
Seems Marla is the contact .
Contracts cannot be assigned - its that simple . They have to be offered out to market under an auction like structure just like everything else . All agreements remain with the Estate and will be managed by the estate . I will check with Canada on their status but I presume its the same .
Draft EnronOnline Relaunch timetable Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
I have asked one of our deal team lawyers to send you a copy of the document . Her name is Anne Koehler . Regards Louise Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
I do not understand the Netco/Newco comments . Clearly at this point Enron the estate should maintain the space until it is sold to a new buyer . That would be a Don Miller/Fallon final call - but I think its a no brainer .
What happened to Don's salary ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Duran removed him - why was he not originally included ?
Top 50 counterparties - can you send me the list ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
I had a conversation with Richard Stuckey at Citi and he is still struggling with how to do teh EES carve out . Can I make the following suggestion .
I think its the same again - can you come over for it
Do we include a 'confirmation' group in the plan - I am unsure where it falls on the front plan . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
The lawyers have come back and ask if you are including any of your global counterparty or contract admin . Have we covered this function ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Can you do on gas and power together .
Rick , The list below is our Top 50 counterparty list . We intend to send our suggested credit headrooms tomorrow morning . Louise Aquila Duke Reliant Coral Cook Inlet Energy Supply L.L.C . El Paso Williams Texaco Natural Gas Inc . TransCanada BP Energy Company MidAmerican Energy Company El Paso Merchant Energy - Gas , L.P . PG&E Energy Trading-Gas Corporation BP Corporation North America Inc . Tenaska Marketing Ventures Enserco Energy , Inc . Utilicorp United Inc . Constellation Power Source , Inc . Conectiv Energy Supply , Inc . Tractebel Energy Marketing , Inc . EnergyUSA-TPC Corp . e prime , inc . CMS Marketing , Services and Trading Company Koch Energy Trading , Inc . TXU Energy Trading Company J . Aron & Company ONEOK Energy Marketing and Trading Company , L.P . Engage Energy Canada L.P . Nexen Marketing Hess Energy PanCanadian Energy Services Inc . Mieco Inc . Cargill Energy , a division of Cargill , Incorporated Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc . Virginia Power Energy Marketing , Inc . OGE Energy Resources , Inc . Allegheny Energy Supply Company , LLC PG&E Energy Trading - Power , L.P . PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC Texla Energy Management Inc . Avista Energy , Inc . Coastal Merchant Energy , L.P . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
We will be joining post another meeting so probably will not have time to get back to our offices . Please feel free to phone in from whereever you like .
The only contracts out before a bidder is awarded are the PA and ETA . Essentially the set up agreements for online trading . The PA is one page and the ETA several . These are standard and not long . Let's discuss tomorrow .
Did you do anything to it - I can't see .
No problem Thanks
I am assuming one of you comes initially - you or Bob . We don't mind someone coming later but do need someone in at the beginning . What do you think ?
Yup
This is our initial proposal . Please feel free to contact Bill .
Shall we toss for who rings back ? Its going to be a long conversastion .
I take it you are not going to decommission my louise@enron.com as it is the one I have on all business cards and all our potential buyers are using it .
I believe so Fine
The gas contracts we need include the following , can you give us timescales . I understand that we have had issues getting these together and time is now running out . Mark , I believe , has put you in charge or gas -please could you give us a timescale . Draft Master Firm Draft Master Swap GTC ( physical ) GTC ( financial ) Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Diary - I will not attend but remind me
Handouts please Thanks
Yes - I think Tycholiz sees less value but definitely worth a look
EES - the ENA ones are still on hold . I really am not concerned about EES and retail . I spoke to Muller who was hesitant about providing load numbers as he thought it irrelevant . There is very little left to carve out .
no issues - please contact
Top of Form 1 Enter amount ( min $200.00 ) Bottom of Form 1 Whois Results for citienergy.com Registrant: SHRITECH CONSULTING , INC . US Domain Name: citienergy.com Top of Form 2 Enter amount ( min $200.00 ) Bottom of Form 2 Created on: 21-DEC-01 Expires on: 21-DEC-02 Last Updated on: 21-DEC-01 Administrative Contact: SHRITECH CONSULTING , INC . US Technical Contact: SHRITECH CONSULTING , INC . US Domain servers in listed order: Register a domain name at www.dotster.com End of Whois Information Top of Form 3 Bottom of Form 3 Top of Form 4 Enter amount ( min $200.00 ) Bottom of Form 4 [Our News ] [Domain
Following is a brief description of the EnronOnline contractual framework and copies of the proposed ETA and PA , which have been revised from the initial EnronOnline versions to reflect experience of the last two years . Hopefully this will assist the meeting on Monday morning . Contracts Structure There are three key documents that create the contractual environment for NetcoOnline: the 'Password Application' ( PA) , the 'Electronic Trading Agreement' ( ETA ) and the commodity contracts in the form of 'General Terms and Conditions' ( GTCs ) ( or , alternatively , a Master Agreement) . The PA is the only document which needs a written signature from the customer . The other documents are accepted online . PassWord Application ( PA ) The PA is a one-page document and is the only document that has to be physically signed by the counterparty ( as opposed to any of the other documents , which are accepted online by clicking acceptance) . The PA is the document by which the customer agrees to be bound by the terms of the ETA and the GTCs . The PA , signed by an authorized person in the counterparty company , and approved by Netco , allows the customer to obtain a Master User ID . The Master User will be able to set up all traders and administrative users within his/her company and administer their access to various products in NetcoOnline . We will send copies of the PA to likely customers of NetCoOnline before we launch the site . The document will also be available to be printed from the website after we launch . Customers will specify their Initial Password in the PA and must change it in the first log-in session . Upon receipt of signed PA , Netco will under normal circumstances enable the Master User Passwords within 24 hours for pre-approved customers . For counterparties with whom we are not familiar , more time is needed to run credit , legal , contracts , regulatory and tax check . Electronic Trading Agreement ( ETA ) The ETA binds counterparties to completed transactions through NetcoOnline . When the counterparty accesses NetcoOnline for the first time , he/she will be prompted to read and accept the ETA in order to proceed . The ETA states that all trades done via NetcoOnline will be governed by the General Terms and Conditions ( GTCs ) posted online for a particular product , unless there is a Master or any other Agreement between Netco and the counterparty in place . General Terms and Conditions ( GTC ) To be sent when the Buyer is known . When a customer offers to transact in a Product type for the first time , he/she will be presented with the relevant GTC . The GTC's are similar to a streamlined Master Agreement , in that they provide the general contractual framework for multiple transactions in a given commodity . GTC's identify termination rights , provisions for security ( as appropriate) , operational conventions ( nominations , etc.) , payment periods , tax treatments , force majeure , penalties for non-performance , etc . Customers must accept the terms of the relevant GTC online in order to proceed with a transaction , unless the company has a Master Agreement in place with Netco . Only one acceptance of GTC per Product Type per company is required . If there is a valid Master Agreement , then the system will not display the GTC , and the Master Agreement will apply . Password Application: Electronic Trading Agreement:
Cheers
We didn't manage to touch base . Let's try again next week
Its the week-end so I am finally doing my emails . I forgot to thank Leslie for doing these - so thanks Leslie it was appreciated .
CAn you get me the new list
Buyer to handle
We'll need to adjust then . What did Donnelly say ?
Sorry only just got to read this . I sort of see EOL group as getting the customers to the point of being able to click and our marketers doing the masters . Looks like we will not get approval anyway - see you Monday morning . What did we send - it in or out? ?
Woops
I would hope that in the negotiations of the master we can remove the confirm provision . Let's discuss Monday
Tammy Let's get together for 5 mins on Monday In general: Commercial and Energy Ops on 6 . 5 would be all the support functions apart from energy ops . Also we need a resort of the commercial teams Can you let me have a couple of blank sheets again . Thanks Louise
We intend to send a copy of all restart plans to our new buyer - could you please format your accordingly .  Thanks Louise
Oh good - have you sent Presto's yet??? ?
Did you revise this ? I can't find it - let's assume PAs and ETAs go out on 12th .
FYI
Chris I am sort of hoping you know about the deadline for start up plans - I know yours is slightly different but something needs to be done by tomorrow . Thanks Louise
Who is doing the Gas Logistics restart plan ? Bob Superty hopefully
Why is he staying with the estate ?
You will be sending me a plan tomorrow for all of Energy Ops though won't you ?
My T1 is down Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Jenny Can you sort this out for Mike today . Thanks
Bob - would you sort out
Can I see them first ?
cool
Are you sure - david and ellie's outbound flight is 1731
Hello , glad to hear you are well . This all depends on who owns the domain name . If it is Enron Europe we need to forward all inquiries to Price Waterhouse - this is important as Enron Europe is no longer part of Enron and the administrator has all legal claim to the name . I have no idea what happened to the sale of EnronDirect and who now owns it . I would suggest ringing London and asking to talk to someone from Price Waterhouse managing Enron Direct . Take care Louise
Harry/Jay , can you help come to some conclusion on this .
Needs Duran alteration
Same with this one
Keohane or someone will be on their way to New York tonight . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Next Tuesday was tomorrow - could we try for Thursday as it really is onerous to get stuff through the new buyer . Thanks Louise
In order to get Peoples up and running as soon as possible - we will need ( as Netco ) to enter into a service agreement with the Estate - can you set this up with Don or Jim . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Can we meet after we are sold - things are very hectic now . How about some time in February ?
Then you want Greg Piper - that is nothing to do with me .
EOL - if you mean the GTCs is in addition to the contracts below we require by Thursday . Mark hasn't left me a message but I'll put a phone call into him .
Financial GTC Mark Taylor Thursday Financial Master Mark Taylor Thursday Physical Gas GTC Firm Mary Cook Thursday Physical Gas GTC Spot Mary Cook Thursday Master Gas Firm Mary Cook Tuesday Master Gas GISB Mary Cook Tuesday Netting Agreements Carol St Clair Thursday Power GTC Leslie Hansen Thursday EEI Master Leslie Hansen Friday Let me know if there are any problems . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Bob Superb Would you mind adding responsibility names to each . Thanks Louise
I was envisaging something like the one talked about for Canada which is cancellable by the estate at any time . Netco theoretically should be able to help the estate harvest the value in Feb and March where the majority of the value is for this contract .
Where does this patent reside - in the Estate or NetCo ?
diary
Are they coming ?
This has got to be the last time . Tomorrow morning a new team will arrive for due diligence purposes . Tom Martin will be hosting this team The Schedule outline is based on initial overview discussions/presentations and then more detailed discussion can occur in individual groups the outline is as follows . It may be better to split up earlier but I leave all those decisions to Tom .  9:00 Introduction John Lavorato & Louise Kitchen 9:30 Financial Overview Wes Colwell 10:00 Risk Overview Buy / Port 10:30 Credit Bradford 11:00 Back Office Beck/Hall 11:30 Systems ( EnronOnline ) Jay Webb 12:00 Mid/Back Office Systems Jay Webb 12:45 Infrastructure Jenny Rub / Bob Afternoon Dataroom and Trader discussions Please make yourselves available . Tammie - please check availability . Thanks for your continued understanding . The Maple Leaf is sending a team of 9 people . They should arrive between 8 and 8:30 Wednesday morning and stay through Thursday evening ( They are planning on a late night on Wed) . We are currently planning on using room 3371 for the data room , but are looking for another room that might be more accomodating for such a large group . Please let me know who your point person will be and the schedule for the initial meetings . Louise Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Picked Tom - you need tych for golf .
Happy Birthday to you . Happy Birthday to you . Happy Birthday dear Paul . Happy Birthday to you . I hope this arrives today but just in case it doesn't - I thought I would let you know what it is . Lots of Love Sis , Marcus and Scott Boy
Vail / Beaver Creek PEAKS Lift Ticket Pricing Adult Ticket Type Lift Ticket Rate at Ticket Window PEAKS lift ticket rate at the ticket window 14 day advance purchase rate Buy now and you save Must be purchased 14 days in advance Rates subject to change AS you may not be ski-ing everyday you can save money . Which one do you want prebooking - I would suggest 4/6 or 5/8 as one day you will be snow mobiling ( it doesn't start until 3pm ) Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Why is this necessary in the first place ? I really do not understand why it is necessary .
There is a potential that counterparties will allow us to promote a small group of individuals simultaneous to deal closure . To facilitate that process , please provide a list of those individuals you would like to promote along with a brief explanation to your HR generalist no later than 12:00 pm on Thursday , January 10 , 2002 . Please keep in mind that the nominee should have been in his or her current role for at least a year and received a 3 or better rating during the mid-year PRC process . Listed below are your HR contacts . Gas Trading and Gas Origination Jeanie Slone Power Trading and Origination/EOL Amy FitzPatrick Tax/Accounting/Legal/Credit/Treasury/IT Infrastructure Sarah Zarkowsky IT Development Mandy Curless Your HR representative will be contacting you in the next day to review your employee lists as well as discuss any promotions .
Unless I am mistaken the estate is a part of this new deal , does this mean we can do without this .
It is going to be really difficult to do the split , eg the EnronOnline patent is moving , can we take all of the history of concerning that which is on drives etc
Don't know!! !
Anne We need these for Netco - is it too late ?
I sent you all your birthday stuff a day earlier just in case we lose our email for a day if it is taken down to be cleared . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
I had presumed it got transferred - Wes could you please sort .
Its an IT security issue - ask Jenny or Bob what they think the plans are - it would be better if we were near peole .
Solarc is the system used for NGLs etc - we do not plan to convey it into NetCo . In terms of the court case - the whole thing is stayed pending the bankruptcy . They did try and prevent the whole NetCo thing but there is obviously no basis for any suit as we are not taking it .
What's your address ?
Pat For your information , I have attached the current proformas ( UBS and the standard) . I know John and Mike have had a lot of conversations on this - essentially where we stand is that the work has been done to complete the commercial reductions ( by name ) but the non-commercial groups have just been reduced across the board and we intend to start the process today on how to cut the numbers on the non-commercial side . The theory was that communicating the Netcolite concept was something we would not do until we had a bit more clarity . Webb knows but that's about it on the non-commercial side . Hope this helps . Louise Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Recognize the truck???? ?
Issue keeps coming up - Disaster Recovery There is no number in our budget for Disaster Recovery either space or systems - big expense .
I'll just go with the black mat please . Do I get any discount for repeat ordering ? Please order and mail ( fedex) . Thanks Louise
another one to delainey
Could you pass to Don Miller Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Apart from the practicalities - Only Enron Canada and Enron Australia have the right to trade in the North American markets . Australia is in bankruptcy and therefore in default of the cost sharing agreement - so we assume that's dead . ECC is in the deal and selling its rights . So as far as the exclusive for North America Gas and Power we are OK . The practical issues are still huge but I thought I'd tell you this . No-one has rung me yet .
Just to clear up a mis-understsanding . Netco does not have any disaster recovery facilities , equipment , software or people . It is true to say that Netco is getting everything we have but we never had disaster recovery . Netco is not getting additional equipment that the estate has to provide this function in the future either as it would mean the estate would lose functionality . In terms of our budget we only have a place holder for $10mm in the budget which Jenny assumes would cover equipment and licences but not facilities or ongoing costs . Assumption is that we would take this year to get it in place and budget for next year . We really are guessing too as we never had this facility before . Thanks Louise
Yup
Put in -its important Could you return my books
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
How long will it take ?
Spoke to the deal team - they understand the economics and have gone to speak to Bill .
Ok great thanks
Margin requirementst substantially reduced if we have it .
Please get this printed - it is not formatted at the moment
We need to get the Exotica library - it's in the docs . How do I get this done - it is in the deal .
No and no assurance should be given .
I suggest we kill this before the week-end . Thoughts ?
Wes Colwell
Fine - let him sort it
Conflicted - sorry
Can either of you open it ?
Org charts were Netco as we haven't decided on who is in NetCo light
no that's fine
Any clue on numbers yet ? Top's support people are ringing our guys and telling them they want more people ( legal) ! Bit of an issue when we'll be cutting .
No No
issue
Arnold picked this group up from EGM because he said they were profitable and would be a good source of income . My recommendation is to drop them as we have no systems , lawyers , credit capacity to manage them . Unless I hear otherwise they will be gone .
Expensed them .
Its the old NGL group . I presume propane , butane etc
How is it going
Did you get tg back to 1yr docs
A bit of light entertainment! ! ( See attached file: DoubleTree Show.ppt )
50% or less of the current group . We have a market of 1 year = $x , so we'll need more cash for less people . We may need our spare cash to fund the $12mm for the back office etc .
Current costs . In these plans we have expensed software and hardware which we will probably amortize . Gets us around the $200mm mark .
Jenny What is the cost issue ? This is a problem for timing of restart .
Can we have them until we move ? That would probably be the easiest time to give them up .
This amused me this morning ! Once upon a time there was a shepherd looking after his sheep on the edge of a deserted road . Suddenly a brand new Porsche screeches to a halt . The driver , a man dressed in an Armani suit , Cerutti shoes , Ray-Ban sunglasses , TAG-Heuer wrist-watch , and a Pierre Cardin tie gets out and asks the shepherd , "If I can tell you how many sheep you have , will you give me one of them?" The shepherd looks at the young man , then looks at the large flock of grazing sheep and replies , "Okay." The young man parks the car , connects his laptop to the mobile-fax , enters a NASA Webster , scans the ground using his GPS , opens a database and 60 Excel tables filled with logarithms and pivot tables , then prints out a 150-page report on his high-tech mini-printer . He turns to the shepherd and says , "You have exactly 1,586 sheep here." The shepherd answers , "That's correct , you can have your sheep." The young man takes an animal and puts it in the back of his Porsche . The shepherd looks at him and asks , "If I guess your profession , will you return my animal to me?" The young man answers , "Yes , why not?" The shepherd says , "You are an IT consultant." "How did you know?" asks the young man . "Very simple," answers the shepherd . "First , you came here without being called . Second , you charged me a fee to tell me something I already knew , and third , you don't understand anything about my friggin' business . Now can I have my dog back?"
Good news - let's focus on getting the data this afternoon when we know the winner .
Excellent
If we have twins - doesn't it matter that we make more money for American Pie than we do with Hans - due to bigger group of people . Therefore percentages need adjusting . Or are we done ?
Hey - fantastic news . I am so pleased - take it easy . Louise ps all still crap here
David Please remember Helen should we have an vacancies . Helen We have been substantially reduced on our numbers by our potential buyers so at this time I believe that there are no vacancies but David will keep you in mind . Good Luck Louise
I am thoroughly confused - we are not putting the master on line . Where is the short form GTC ? Please provide short form GTC today - thanks .
We are swiss
dream on !
Where did he go ?
Thanks - good job
Nightmare greg not back yet either so we still don't knoe real numbers
Still planning it - it might be just worth joining by phone to check the state of play
I agree but I don't know whether that is public
I thought Port rang you hours ago -= he said there had been changes and he would ring you . His cell is 7134172565 His home is 2812921469
Colette , Could you possibly let me know if we need a tax group here . Thanks Louise
Tammie Please email to Tim and Chris's houses too Could you ring Milly with it . Thanks
So far we have spent today relooking at our numbers for the whole business . Technology is looking about the same as before ( possibly 10 - 15 less in Jay's area) . I think it would be a good idea for you to come down and have dinner with either myself or myself , Jenny and Jay together tomorrow . Hutch is coming down tomorrow night . Regards Louise
In a meeting with your guys now . See you tomorrow . Louise
We will be managing our rates we need to plan on a software . I'll find someone to do it .
Sorry I'm losing it . We are going to hedge / manage our own interest rate risk so we will need infinity so can you please make sure its ( infinity addons ) isin the doc . And also can you start planning to have infinity up and running on day one . Thanks
If we cut the people in red - HR would have you at 56 people - what is right ? AMy - please find the difference
Tammie - get each of these people over to the Houstonian to meeting with UBS - Mike Hutchins and Ken in the Lacewood Room , Houstonian . Meetings with Lonestar at the Houstonian 11:30 Presto Kevin 12:30 Grigsby Mike and Allen Phillip 1:00 Benson Rob and Davis Dana 1:30 Tycholiz Barry and Vickers Frank 2:00 Luce Laura and Lagrasta Frank 3:30 Swerzbin Mike and Motley Matt 4:30 Zufferli John and Sturm Fletch 5:00 Kitchen Louise
Could one of you please authorize release of code from Research . Thanks Louise
Hello We are coming over to get our green card done - hopefully anyway . We will be in London 27th - 30th of January - are you around ? Can't wait to see Camille and Alice . In a while - crocodile
ITs looking like a reduced NetCo - we are having huge problems with a round peg and square hole
I would like crib , high chair , monitor , tub of toys for 9mths - 12 months plus , crib gym .
Vail Sports Vail Colorado 81657 Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Which one ?
As far as all the media says I have no other knowledge
please do Timely baby hey or is it being induced
27th - Marcus family - first time they have seen Scott 30th - at the embassy all day for green card So how about afternoon of 29th ?
We are clearly close to completing the new numbers - could you work with Jeanie and Amy to put a new plan together . Do we have any corporate allocation number from UBS ? Thanks
Unfortunately - these guys did not make the cut this week-end . Jeanie , can you please ensure this is dealt with .
Congratulations ! Have a good sleep .
Did he find it or was it handed to him ?
I am going to have Jim report to Haedicke with all of his people having a dotted line to the commercial desks - any issues let me know .
Not for sale - sorry . Hope you're well . Louise
No arrangements - he just hasn't had a good year . On a comparative basis I can't justify more .
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Just thought you may like to see the proposed look of our new website . Do you want the W ? We presume you do . Louise
Jim Please confirm it is ok for Vince to release source code to Jay Webb ( Enron) . Thanks Louise
Long and boring story - at about 12 we got those admins but their were no numbers in them - zeros . DAVID AND I sent them back - it doesn't change the numbers .
Nice but he avoided the question .
but we do have the 'w' . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
We need to do the move - can we meet today ?
$50mm per annum
FYI
I am tired.......................................................................................................... .
We plan to have a conference call at 2pm Sunday to discuss progress . We want to reallocate dollars which have been returned to the pool and ensure we keep the process moving and any contracts redone by the UBS team in preparation for Monday . David is going to send an email with contact numbers etc for questions people may have with regard to the contracts ( apart from the numbers and promotions ) as all those questions need to be sent to HR . Please make sure you contact all of your guys and have an idea of where they are at . Tammie will contact you all with the dial in number . The meeting will be in John's office . Thanks Louise
Message understood - we will try and accomodate Derek Have a good week-end .
Please email me the ruling when you have it . Thanks Have a good week-end
I will start drinking heavily . I propose a huge night out when you get back !
Not sure - I can't plan that far ahead at the moment . We are just in the final stages of getting the part of the business I work for sold and therefore out of bankruptcy - I work for a company called Enron which has gone bankrupt . We have just sold the trading piece to UBS so we are in the process of transfer and I have no idea what the new bosses will be like . Are you going ? Louise
David please make sure all team leaders have this or a smaller version .
I agreed terms with greg can you get my contract ready for me to sign tomorrow at 2pm . Thanks Get then to ring greg if nec - I really want to be able to tell people I've signed
not at the moment - we have 160000 spare ( assuming schweiger is in )
Everything has been somewhat confusing recently and I made a hasty decision to put you reporting through Legal ( decision prompted by the community relations comment ) - there will a dotted line into the desks . I hope you are happy with this if not we can unwind but following many conversastions with them over the last few weeks - it really has been Lou Eber dealing with all the reg issues . I really believe that putting Reg in the legal area is the best choice to ensure your group doesn't fall down any cracks as it doesn't have a direct equivalent in UBS . Did you get your contract ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
What's your phone number ?
You might want to ring Port - he wants the same numbers as Bill Bradford - so double what he has now . There is a lot of disclosure around and so he thinks after he had bad treatment in the bonusses - the same is happening now . His number is 281 292 1469 .
Well that's ok if we don't - I have no idea what Stockman's view is and heis back tomorrow . Its easier to control money if we have the conversations . Currently at the drug test - there is a long list of people from ene who have been here today .
Did you see Laura's message . It reads like she is in . Currently at the drug test place there are lots of ene people on the list
Tried to call but couldn't reach you - I think we do need to discuss contracts for both of them and find the money for them . I am assuming from this that you are in - which is great news . I will forward to Oxley to make him aware that there is something coming .
I saw an offer letter to teresa staab so if we didn't give it to her its on the reserve list somewhere . David - did it go out ? If so whitt is done
Ok by me .
As shankman would say 'working ya'
Hunter says Bass is in .
What are they having ?
stop by my office . We want you in the new company . We have really been trying to get you happy .
They need power contracts at start - no need for a power marketing licence in ERCOT Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
I haven't asked Hunter - let's discuss in the morning . If motley is in we are out of money . I think you need to pay up for Foster- the lone marketer
Need all those docs printing today . Also can you please check on why I have not being reimbursed by Continental for the flights at Christmas . Also - expenses - what is the situation . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
What decision was made ? I have no idea .
Yes
Did we get sign off from Jim Petrie ?
see Tammy Shepperd .
BP just hired someone - can they do that ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Troy Black
Dear Linda I apologize for not having responded earlier but I do not think I received the invitation , which is quite possible bearing in mind the difficulties here at the moment . We have recently received approval from the bankruptcy judge to sell the portion of the business I jointly manage to UBS Warburg and in fact I am planning to relaunch enrononline ( under our new entity ) and we hope to be up and running around the time you are in Germany . I am sure you understand that it is going to be a busy time for me in February combining the integration with UBS and restarting the gas and power trading operation under our new owner . I appreciate your comments and thank you for your invitation but I do not feel able to accept . I hope you all have a safe and enjoyable trip to Germany . Regards Louise Kitchen
Ouch
We are off to the UK in a couple of days so we'll come and see you when you get back .
What's his problem ?
I think he'll be done at his current offer , do you want to give him more ? I told him he's reporting to you and Milly and he was pleased . Are you listening or video conferencing into this meeting ?
We need to add the word energy to the 'ubs warburg' on the top left hand corner of our screen . So it reads UBS Warburg Energy .
We would really like some UBS signs for the trading floor - can we take the ones you have here ?
What happened ?
Great thanks
Tammie Get all the assistants to do it by the week-end
Have them delivered to Jim Derrick and explain that they are Fastow's deal mementoes which were left in his office . I don't think his picture will have reference so we'll keep it for now . Thanks Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
There is clearly an issue here - we have been asking for this for weeks now . Mark please help resolve .
This seems to be the best way of getting on top of all the meetings . Let's discuss .
Get ready to fax to me
We need a copy of whatever they are looking at .
As I am out if you need anything please contact Oxley directly .
What is the name of the website where all of this information resides ?
I totally understand but we now have a real problem with regard to the timeline . Jim please confirm to Vince you are happy .
80 plus percent of all of our trades are with those 50 . We need to give them a defined group for day 1 . I had a long meeting with their chief credit officer from londonyesterday and he agreed to put someone here froM day 1 capable of making decisions I think we have credit working on 77 and we should start coMpiling the next list On the plane doors closing
Chase back office and their restart plan updates individually
We will need to allocate individual seats early next week . Don't worry about john on offices we are done .
Cool
There is a god
Crystal Are you ok ?
Sorry missed this one - david this was done wasn't it ?
We are delayed got another 30 mins on the runway . I hear tim has huge problems .
Do we have anyone in portland ?
Iam on a plane sorry
I have no idea
Wahey on curry
I'm fine " check with Haedicke
We need to send read only ids to all our customers . Did we plan that ?
Groovy
No there will be plenty of others
Let's leave it until we get going .
Did you find Liz - if you did is she ok ?
You're right - typo
Is she done yet ?
If you are awaiting a visa and seconded to ubs - can you ttrade
Cheers
Love it
Oxley - shouldn't think its a problem I mentioned it on Friday . David please sort out - if there is difficulty contact Pat
We'll see you at about 4pm is that ok ? On cell 07778757656 - flying tonight .
Big - a whole floor with no pillars . Got to be the most expensive place in the world to live .
Please find attached the governance schedule for UBSW Energy . Tammie will co-ordinate dial ins etc
Tammie Please could you set up the meetings ( apart from the Thursday one which UBS already has arranged . Contact Dave Forster and co-ordinate with him . I couldn't forward you the email I sent but it was just to the 8 commercial MDs in UBSWEnergy . Can you sende the attachment to all of the people ( ex Enron only ) on the lists ( see in attachment ) and copy to Par Odonnell and Mark Bridges - Dave Forster has their emails . Thanks Louise
Don't worry - you're not supposed to let go while I'm away . Speak to you later
I am confused - in terms of the options exercised - we covered those in last year's tax return which unforttuantely I do not have a copy of here . I am concerned I am double paying tax on these . Can you check last years's US tax return which covered those options . I am contatable on 07778757656 . Thanks Louise
I think there are issues with this as essentially we are changing the business model - we need to hire into the areas we are lacking people asap in order to ensure we have coverage as much as possible . Will your people mopve to Houston ?
Agreed
Give Chris Calger a ring if you are serious . I hope you're not .
Tammie - forward this message to Calger and Milly and Forster Hello I am really concerned over the lack of approvals from UBS of our contract formats as even when we get them we have to still populate with the specific credit terms and then get them out into the market place . I am really getting worried on timing . Could you guys get together and see if you can push forward on this today . Try rining Dinerstien and explain the urgency . I did mention to Hutchins and Costas that this is my main concern last week . So we should involve Greg if you can't get anywhere . Thanks Louise
Simply People , systems and floor space . Back to front applications with no specific counterparty data . WE have historical pricing etc but no counterparty names . You could get most of it from Reuters .
As per yesterday's governance schedule we will have a weekly one but for now I would suggest one on one with Eber as it has be3en the only succesful route3 to date . Can you give him a ring with Steffes today and get this stuff moving . Thanks
Really you need to do it . Pack everything apart from the ESVL files and SEC subpeona stuff . Pack on ly what is in the hanging files in the cupboards and my drawers . Anything outside of a hanging file leave for later . I would prefer you to do it as it needs indexing . STuff in my office hanging files goes to Don Miller and the rest goes to ?  ( ask legal) . Leave binders,etc for now . Did you get rid of the deal momentoes ( 4 boxes) . Tell them they can get me on my mobiles - no problem . Liz can cover - have a great time . Pick up your tickets early in the day .
3 & 4 are better than where we are now . The important thing is you need to get furniture as we currently have lots of rooms empty and they are refusing to give us furniture . The old building is a really bad idea due to the press etc - when it ends things will be easier . But currently moral would be ahuge issue moving to the old building .
Fine by me - I haven't got access to the cash spreadsheet here though .
Yes but no counterparty names . Jay has it all .
That's fine - I;m back in tomorrow
We are assuming we will be physical on Monday Feb 11 in Canada . Let me know if there is an issue .
What would be the cost of moving etc - all the new infrastructure etc . When you say cheaper what do you mean - all in including moving etc . We obviously have the same issue here but cannot on a cost benefit analysis afford to move .
I really think Jeff is a bad choice - let's discuss .
Are you working on the new Contracts ?
None exists today .
On the phone
Is it written yet ?
Not for Canada -- for the US
What's wrong ?
Both interruptible and firm . Thanks
No absolutely not
Where are we with www.enrononline.com ?
Its non specific - the trades are there but with no counterparty names .
No reason I can see
great news
Friday unfortunately - I asked for earlier . Lavo asked the same question
not yet
Marcello is coming to Houston tomorrow to interview for a position trading financial gas . I really think if we have any spare trading slots we should talk to him . Kevin - what about South East power ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
On the people - we are planning for a group to start Mopnday pm as it is not as urgent as teh credit wording for this Monday . Let me know if I can help .
ARe you in the office ?
Can you check on my flight reimbursement ? Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
is outstanding ( I think anyway)- can we hire him ? Maybe in Reg ?
Thanks for your work on this . I can't wait for the UBS discussion on WSPP!!!! !
Just give us a time . Thanks Louise
Great news
Yes
OK
Do you really have someone as capable as Marcello . This is an outstanding trader who we probably have no chance of getting but could run any desk we have . Is your SE guy of that quality ?
I am trying to fiind out that date I became a member of the IOD and secondly if I still am . Please could you let me know as soon as possible . Thanks Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
My contract is in Kitchen and I have done the drugs test , benefits etc in Nettelton . can you sort - thanks . Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Hello Glad you got yourself sorted with a new job . Things here are getting better - we have nearly closed with UBS , so I hope to have a new job next week . Still in Houston . Are you trading - if so what ? Take care Louise
1 . Front Office - We had several I have no idea whether we brought any of them with us as they were never used . Back Office - Global Counterparty Database . 2 . We are planning a seminar for Thursday pm already - credit are sending me their presentation ( hopefully tomorrow) , I think its a great idea but I would like to see it first so we can decide on the audience . 3 . Thanks 4 . Great idea . 5 . See you tomorrow . Thanks Louise
Good idea - let's try for that in their systems . Its really only a question of my pay checks and expenses bouncing . Had a crap week-end filling in my SEC background questionnaire - hope yours was better .
I think this is one for you Anne - can you help ?
We are going to ask Kim's group to help pull information for credit ( public domaine information ) in order to help accelerate the credit process as his group is heavily stretched at the moment .
Working Ya ( as Shankman would say) . It appears they will offer guarantees but I am awaiting confirmation .
Thanks for your swift assistance .
Pat O'Donnell mentioned that you guys have an issue with starting on power - what is it ? Thanks
Canada appears to be an issue . We need to make swift progress on this - unlike in the US the contracting entity with our counterparties will not be UBS AG , London Division but UBS Warburg Energy ( Canada ) Ltd . With the lack of parental company guarantees forth coming from UBS , this is going to be an issue . There are two main points , because of our current history our customers will not contract lightly with a subsidiary with no guarantee and secondly the credit group are asking for guarantees from our customers . Please let me know how we can progress on this . Louise
I'm working it - do not worry
I thought we did establish Product Control on Friday - let's just deal with Dave issues on priorities as we catch them between us . Did you meet with Kim ? Thanks Louise
Greg , Mark and I met with the Estate this morning and Canada did come up in terms of the Transistional Services agreement . Could you let us see Kyle's request and we'll try and help from this end . How many people is he asking for to be seconded to the Estate . I am concerned over IT requirements as we never developed this software in the first place - it was created by Razorfish . In terms of 5 , the person dealing with this is actually Per Dyrvik who is going to set up a conference call for us this morning . Peter - tried to ring you . Give me a call when you are free .
2024247643 is the fax . Please fax and courier original .
Thanks Louise
Still seeking response . Can you help
Did we get from Lisa the appropriate internal account opening form from Lisa yet ?
Has Brian had his contract yet ?
Any news from Redmond ?
Redmond 175:175
Any interest in chatting about a job at UBS ?
I'll ask he just came by
That may be the same for BR
What happened to savita
diary
we need a big party organizing for everyone - please sort . Thanks
Yup
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
We don't need to use the Special events people . Obviously I don't have a corporate card . Collette - help !
No attachment
Where do we get the headcount room from ?
Please send out both numbers and codes
Absolutely - thanks
Ok on Sachs I think that's a real problem with their money - how much each and how are the people ? Essentially - how material ?
We'll need the headcount for commercial people and I know Legal want their assistants . Hire them as contractors through an agency
Fine by me . The site will go live this week-end in preparation for Monday morning .
I just wanted to say thanks to all of you for your hard work in getting the documentation to the stage it is at today . I know things have been very difficult but this is a huge step in moving us forward . Unfortunately I do not see things getting much easier during our start-up months but I really do believe it will all be worth it and hopefully we'll have a lot of fun along the way . The commercial team was extremely pleased to receive the documentation and has set off to deliver them to our new customers . Thanks for your late and long hours . Louise
No questions - nice to emeet you . We will probably start with Alex at 2:30pm
Lou This is the issue concerning encumbrency ( Sp? ) certification . Louise
True - oops
Just a couple of suggested changes to both . There is a lot of confusion in the energy market as to the ownership structure of the entity . Enron had previously announced that the entiy would be 51% New Owner and 49% Enron . We need to ensure this message is corrected as clearly as possible - that it is 100% UBS owner . On the release for UBSWenergy.com - we do intend to trade physical gas and power immediately initially at least in the areas we can , so I have removed that sentence . Do you need all of the commercial MD titles or is Kevin picked out for a particular reason ? Thanks Louise
This is the procedure which currently is documented in the Product Control Function concerning the validity of a signature .
Anything that has areas requiring information to be filled in can obviously not be .
I don't think I do - I thought Elizabeth said she would use a reference document - not the EEI .
This is just commercial - let me know if you want the rest .
It doesn't work - either get something which does or set up a meeting
www.ubsenergy.com isn't working Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
No money has been paid into my account in expenses ever - where is the money going .
Is that all of our originators or just heads ?
Nettelton Agenda Premier Home Rentals Richard and Kristen Nye Arrival Day- Sat Feb 9 , 2002 4:00 pm - Vail Limo 970-949-4900 4ppl Denver to BC- BA2019 - Bruce Kitchen Check in to 157 Beaver Creek Drive- door will be open for arrival Deliver 3 boxes from Premier office to house Baby's Away's to deliver: Crib w/bumper , high chair , monitor , musical crib gym , toy bucket . Deliver lift tickets to house Deliver groceries and beer to house- list received Dinner table for 9+ high chair Make twin beds to king size 7:00 pm - Cuisine Catering to drop Minestrone Soup , cheese & cracker , chip & salsa , veggie & dip , jalapeno jelly cream cheese & crackers . 926-4986 8:00 pm - Ski Rental Fitting - All Mountain Sports- 845-7329 - Please call once you have arrived to confirm 8pm Tues Feb . 12 , 2002 3:00 pm -pick up at house- Snowmobile Tour- Nova Guides 970-827-4232- 7 people on 6 machines - Tigiwon Tour- must cancel outside 48hrs for refund . Gratuity is included . Wed Feb . 13 , 2002 Departure Day- Sat Feb . 16 , 2002 12:30 pm - p/u Bruce + 3 to return to Denver Beaver Creek Medical Center 1280 Village Road- Take Dial A Ride Take and Bake to be delivered each evening at 7:00 pm by Cuisine Catering 926-4986 *Sunday Feb 10 - Lasagna * Monday Feb 11 - Roast Chicken * Tuesday Feb 12 - Chili * Wednesday Feb 13 - no order * Thursday Feb 14 - Beef Stroganoff * Friday Feb 15 - Chicken Curry Dial A Ride- free chauffer service throughout Beaver Creek 970-949-1938 Vail Taxi- paid transportation for outside Beaver Creek 970-476-TAXI ( 8299 )
Can you come to my office and let's do it .
It appears that the following email may not have been clear . You have to do this yourself . This is my cheat sheet if it helps . H Drives: 1 . Each person will have to move any data over personally from the old H drive ( which is now Z: ) drive to their new H drive . 2 . The Z: drive ( old H: ) will be removed from UBS employees on Thursday night . O Drives: 1 . For the old O or M drives go to O:\ESTATE\ O ( or M ?  pending location of data ) and copy to the new common O . The Estate O and M will be removed from UBS employees on Thursday night . Do not delete anything and only copy information which is complies with the policy . Please make sure that those people who are not in the office are contacted and comply . Louise
Agreed - sorry I had thought Lavo sorted this out . As we understand , Caroline wants to work in Manhattan and therefore we need to look at those offices . Tammy Shepperd is the person to contact . Tammy can you please sort out Caroline - same issues as Mike McDonald but New York .
Can you make sure Marcus Nettelton has three screens . One pc and two screens . Thanks Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Yes
One pc - 3 screens Thanks
Can you redraft in light of how I redrafted the other one - removing Enron's name from the first paragraph . And resend to me Thanks
They have the rights - can you facilitate . Thanks
Great - no changes
approved
How was it - we are really busy so I thought I would ask in case i don't get to see you too much tomorrow . You were missed
Yes - I figured you would be doing the translation tomorrow - I can help if you like .
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas
Oscar , Please also provide updates of No.2 and LPG inventories . Paul
Sounds like a great trip . I'm going to have to work on Renee about diving . Masks ( anything around her face ) make her claustrophobic ( spelling???) . She can wear a ski mask , however , so she can probably get used to a scuba mask . Have a great time . Paul
Gary , Please resend the above report to me on April 12th . I am travelling and the size of the report is giving me difficulties replicating my e-mail . Thanks , Paul
All of my time was "regular" time . Thanks , Paul
Please see the attached doc . Call me to discuss 5-5855 . Thanks , Paul
Kathleen , Congratulations , This is truly great news . I am so happy for you . Remember all of the little people when you are hugely famous . Love , Paul
Dana , It is very nice to hear from you . You are in Dallas , right ? How is your family ? Well . . . yes I am living in Houston again . I still work for Enron . . . I just returned from a business trip to the Middle East and India . . . it was interesting but too long . Guess what . . . I got married on March 17th . Guess to whom . . . Renee Freyou from Port Neches . Can you believe it!! ! You can call me toll free at my office 1-800-973-6766 , Press 1 to transfer to an extension , Press 55855 for my extension . It will be great to talk to you . I hope that you are doing very well . Paul
FYI
I am not the person that you need to speak with . Try Larry Boe at 6-7583 . Paul
Clay and Wayne and I talked today and agreed that Conditions of Use agreements for Dabhol , Oman , and possibly Abu Dhabi would be a good starting point . Let's talk with Clay tomorrow morning Houston time . Are you in the Enron office in Dubai ? Paul
The attached spreadsheet allows you to easily calculate Eco's year-end LNG inventory for a variety of cases that vary dispatch rate , # days of outage for CT1 , and number of cargoes diverted between now and year-end . Simply enter your assumption for number of days of CT1 outage in cell A16 and the number of cargoes you want to divert in cell A23 . The year-end inventory is automatically calculated . A negative number means that you require more LNG than you are entitled to receive . Assuming that you want the LNG tank full at year-end: 1 . Eco will be able to receive 100% of the remaining 6 cargoes if the CT1 outage is 60 days or less 2 . 175 days of CT1 outage are required to result in Eco being able to divert 1 cargo and still have a full tank at year-end 3 . a 60-175 day outage for CT1 results in surplus LNG but whether or not it is enough to market depends on how much the outage exceeds 60 days The above figures assume a 76% dispatch and 95% availability on days that Eco is not assumed to be in an outage . Paul
Thanks!!! ! I didn't realize that you were still in Hong Kong . How's life?? ? Are you married ? I can't remember . Married life is good . Different but good . Paul
Based on today's closing NYMEX prices there is $1.9 MM of price difference between EcoElectrica's 2002 Winter Cargo Commodity Charge plus Commodity Surcharge and the delivered cost of 83,000 CBM of LNG . That is $5.61 vs $4.61 . This assumes we pay a day rate of $50,000/day for the vessel , Jan '02 NYMEX is $5.41 , and the FOB price for LNG is $2.66 . Let's stay in touch about the possibilty of landing a spot cargo into Puerto Rico in January . As we discussed , how we play this with Cabot is a big issue . There could be an additional $4.7 MM of value that could be captured by Eco if Cabot were unable to release its right to not deliver a Winter Cargo . Also , let's continue to think about how we make the logistics work and how we can get Cabot's cooperation if needed . Also , note that Eco may need 2 cargoes of this size to make it until the Early Spring Cargo . Paul
I read through all of Todd's e-mails regarding COU's and they all had to do with EcoElectrica . None of them contained a draft document . Let's talk to Clay on Monday and get him to update us on Dan's efforts and forward a draft document if he has one . Regards , Paul
Meg , I am using the cellular phone mentioned in your note . My Company Number is 1105 and my RC is 120588 . Regards , Paul
Clay , I see that the NYMEX is off another 16-cents today . Do you have a feel for what Henry Hub price causes LNG to stop moving to Lake Charles ? Paul
I left a message with Dan Rogers regarding the availability of a COU in draft form . I have a hard copy of a COU that I believe came from OLNG . I can fax it to you tomorrow . Is your fax still 91-22-2881793 ? Regards , Paul
Today is good . What time ? How about 12 noon ? Paul
Thanks!! !
Perfect . I'll meet you near the fountain but in front of my building .
I'm sure that you already knew this but FYI . Paul
I'm available on Monday . Thanks ! Have a great holiday .
Well , actually I see it as finally finding someone that could appreciate those ideosyncracies and recognizing them as the gems they are . Ha Ha! ! I'm involved in Enron's LNG business . My focus is fuel management for two power projects - EcoElectrica ( Puerto Rico ) and Dabhol ( India) . India is nothing but problems as you may have heard . Great to hear from you and know you are alive and well . Stay in Touch , Paul
Axel , I tried to phone you at your office and your cellular but could not reach you . Please e-mail me with your new contact numbers . I hope that you are doing well and enjoying your new role . Regards , Paul
Tuesday , May 8th is fine
If we worked out a price structure similar to the last cargo , we could eliminate the price risk by paying the following for the LPG: 1400 MT at a Fixed Price ( represents amount borrowed that went to April sales ) 2900 MT based on May Mont Belvieu plus Premium 1 2800 MT based on June Mont Belvieu plus Premium 2 and 2900 MT based on July Mont Belvieu plus Premium 3 The Fixed Price for 1400 MT and the Premiums 1,2 , and 3 are under discussion with Suzanne . This structure matches the cost of product with ProCaribe's sales revenue . Question: How does ProCaribe get paid for the 15 days of product that goes with the Progasco sale ? Paul
Wayne , I'd like to discuss this further with you . Primarily , does this make me "officially" Dan's supervisor ? I can see some pluses to that arrangement . Paul
How are you doing through all of the uncertainty associated with DPC these days ? Are we still waiting for the lenders to decide whether or not they will continue funding the project ? What is the MSEB's current position ? I'll give you a call Wednesday morning ( Mumbai time) . Best Regards , Paul
Have you been able to get a draft COU agreement from Clay ? How is your move coming ? Paul
OK with me .
Jaime , Have you tried Gus Luna or Debbie Keller with Edison Mission ? Gus was handling the actual transactions . I kept my own calculations of the settlement amounts but Gus should have copies of the settlement invoices from Enron . Paul
Jimmy , Shubh Shrivastava suggested that I contact you regarding getting on the distribution list for news articles relating to the DPC project . I work for Wayne Perry in Houston in the LNG group . We will be performing the services under the Fuel Management Agreement . I am , of course , very interested in reading what the Indian press is printing about the current state of the project . Thanks , Paul
Mauricio , Please change my FAX number to 713 646-6560 . Thanks , Paul
Are you on the distribution list for these news clips ? Paul
I only know what I read in the press . Sounds like they want to give the govt a little more time to come to their senses . Paul
Please see my changes in attached doc . Thanks , Paul
PLEASE REPLY TO ME IF YOU RECEIVE THIS MESSAGE . THANKS , HAVE A GREAT AFTERNOON
YOU ARE DUMM
Ernesto , Below is a discussion of some of the key contractual issues surrounding the 2002 Winter Cargo . You may also want to review the contract to gain an understanding of how the delivery dates are set for the Last Cargo of 2001 , the 2002 Winter Cargo , and the 2002 Early Spring Cargo . We can discuss this opportunity for Eco in a few days after you have had a chance to familiarize yourself with the issues . Regards , Paul
How do your calendars look June 7-15 for meeting with the guys from OLNG ? They are interested in a visit to CMS . Possibly they could be there for the Hoegh Galleon unloading . Please let me know your date preferences and the names of anyone else that should attend the meetings . Paul
Please see attached spreadsheet that we can discuss later . Paul
Finally I received your e-mail from 2 days ago plus this one . I am glad to see that things are working now . Thank you for bringing this problem to a resolution . Take Care , Paul
FYI - looks like PREPA is not dispatching us at an optimal rate from their perspective
Are you coordinating your efforts with Shubh ? Paul
Please see my attached revisions . Thanks , Paul
Mauricio , Please change my Home number to 713 812-7158 and my FAX number to the number given in the note below . Thanks , Paul
I hope that all is well with you . I have made some changes to your document . Pardon me for the fact that I cannot seem to draw in the lines as well as you . Therefore , I left them out . I hope that this information will be helpful to you . Note that Rick B . and Eric G . are at an equal level in the organization . They jointly manage the group . Call me if you wish to discuss this or anything . Best Regards , Paul
The only publication that I have been getting is World Gas Intelligence published by Energy Intelligence Group . I can FAX you my latest copy if you are interested . Also , they have a web site: www.energyintel.com Poten & Partners' main number in New York is 212 230-2000 . Also , there is a sample issue of LNG in World Markets at www.poten.com . I spoke with Lizette Valentin ( Poten ) and she says the lowest cost way for you to get the publication is to be added on to Clay Harris's subscription for $500/year . Lizette's number is 212 230-2086 . The website also has the form that you need to fill out to get added on to Clay's subscription . Call me and we can look at the website together . I am also anxious to get some news regarding the lenders' meeting in Singapore . Take Care , Paul
When you get to the Poten Home Page , do the following: click "click here to continue" point to "services" click "LNG" click "Reports & Analysis" click "Order" click "LNG in World Markets" print the form that comes up Let me know if you need anything further . Paul
Please see attached resume . Also , note that my current salary is $110,000 per year ( not including bonuses) . Thanks , Paul
Gene , I have a methodology that gives me the answer with 3 uses of the balance 50% of the time but requires 4 uses of the balance the other 50% of the time . Are you sure this can be done??? ? For my first use of the scales , I place a total of 6 balls on the scales ( 3 on each side) . If they balance , then none of the six balls on the scales is the odd ball . If they do not balance , then none of the six balls that were left off of the scales is the odd ball . Thus , I have reduced the possible suspects to 6 after one use of the scales . Is this the right starting point?? ? Second , I place three balls that have been eliminated as suspects on one side of the scales and three balls that are still possibles on the other . Two outcomes: 1 . If the scales do not balance , I know that one of the three suspects on the scales is the odd ball and I know whether it is heavier or lighter than the others . I can determine which is the odd ball on the third use of the scales by placing only one remaining suspect on each side of the scales . If they balance , then the suspect left off is the odd ball . If they do not balance , I know which one is odd because I already know whether the odd ball is heavier or lighter . 2 . If the scales balance on my second use of the scales , then I have three remaining suspects ( the balls left off the scales ) but do not know whether the odd ball is heavier or lighter . I cannot figure out how to determine both the heavier/lighter question plus identify the odd ball in just one more use of the scales . I need two more uses . Am I close at all??? ? I hope that you had a good trip back . Stay in touch . Paul
Roberto , See attached . Let's discuss . Paul
Hello . I hope that you are doing well . Take Care . Paul
Audrey , I do plan to attend . Thanks , Paul
Audrey , Do you have a specific format that you would like me to use ? Paul
Audrey , Please see the attached docs and send out . Also , note the cc: 's . Thanks , Paul
My FAX is 713 646-2551 . Thanks
You are much better at this than you think . Anytime you have an idea that you'd like me to consider or any questions , feel free to bring me into the loop . Did you notice in your e-mail that you now have an EnronOnline ID and Password ? I can show you how to access it and find the quotes you need when you are ready . Paul P.S . Have a great weekend!! !
Audrey , I am available either day . Paul
Here is your EOL info . Let's discuss getting quotes when you have time . Paul
Per Mariella's request , you now have an EOL guest account . We need to set up a time for me to show you all how to get the quotes you want . Paul
Per Mariella's request , you now have an EOL guest account . I am trying to set up a time with Mariella and Elio to show you all how to get the quotes you want . Paul
Janice , Will the electronic pay stubs be e-mailed to us or do we have to view them at a website ? Wil they be in an Excel spreadsheet or something similar so that we can do calculattions on them and save to a file of our own if we want ? Thanks , Paul
Wednesday at 10 AM is fine with me . Please inform Mariella and Ermes . Thanks , Paul
Thanks Suzanne . Elio is aware of your concern regarding damage to relations with PDVSA at this critical time . Paul
I will be attending . Paul
Thanks Lorraine .
FYI
Suzanne , Please see attached . We still need to see what prices do for the remainder of the month before we finalise the pricing tied to Nov-Jan . Thanks , Paul
In the attached file , there is a list of the LPG cargoes from Dynegy . I am trying to confirm that EcoElectrica has received each cargo's Bill of Lading . They should have been received in the last few months . Thanks , Paul
Audrey , I had 100% regular time . Thanks
Krishna , Please see attached data on the pages named "MO IND DATA" and "Basis Forwards" . I am interested in understanding the math associated with valuing calls and puts on the spread between the index points . Also , do you have an option pricing model that I could have ? My office number is 5-4173 . Thanks , Paul P.S . Do you recall the work that you did for Kim Watson in the past ?
Krishna , Do you mean the /Research/Exotica/xll directory ? Is the exotica1.xll addin the same as the exotica.xll addin ? Paul
Krishna , I modified the file you sent to me ( see attached) . For OPT TYPE , what is the code for a Call ? for a Put ? How does this modified model look ? The data is monthly prices . I changed the formula for Vol . Did I get it right ? Paul
Federico , Go to the website that is noted at the bottom of this e-mail . You can kill Osama as many times as you want . Paul
Fran , Please be advised that my marital status has changed . I was married on March 17 , 2001 . Also , my ID is p00504954 . Thanks , Paul
Steve , Just follow the instructions at the bottom of this e-mail . Paul
Victoria , Efrain Lopez is no longer with EcoElectrica . Send them to the attention of Oscar Cedeno at the address below . Have a great weekend!! ! Paul
FYI
The U.S . needs to establish a very , very strong ground troop presence in Afghanistan as soon as possible . Until we accomplish this , we will not win over the Afghan people who would like to be rid of the Taliban . As of today , defection is very risky and maybe almost impossible . We need bases of operation in more than one area of the country . The logistics of feeding and sheltering and supplying these troops may be difficult but not impossible . The Afghan people need our support on the ground if they are going to rise up against the Taliban . We are currently losing the media war . If our ground troops were hailed as liberators by the Afghan people and that was broadcast all over the world , we would start winning the war of words . We must control ground very soon . There will be casualties on our side and the American people must prepare themselves mentally . We are fighting a ruthless , brutal enemy . Our resolve must increase , not diminish , when images of our casualties begin to come across our television screens . We must take down the Taliban and Bin Laden and other terrorists around the globe or face more attacks and loss of life in the United States . Paul Houston , TX
Lindy , I hope this is what you need . Paul
Audrey , All of my time was normal time . Thanks , Paul
Walt , EOG currently has three producing wells in Lipscomb Co. , BLK 43 , Sections 186 and 255 . According to EOG , they are flowing ~2300 MCFD into our 12" line through Duke's interconnect in Section 186 . EOG has recently completed a well in Section 253 ( possibly 2000-5000 MCFD ) and has plans to drill at least one more well . They are considering having their own tap into our line , probably in Section 255 . I am interested in knowing whether or not there are any other pipelines nearby that they could use to sell their gas . Also , I spoke with Perry Frazier and I am thinking we would do the tap , install a valve and EFM . EOG would install the rest of the equipment . What are you thoughts ? Thanks , Paul
Perry , Walt is saying the field would just tap the line and install a block valve . Can you talk to Sammie Williams and make sure that you both agree regarding the EFM . Thanks , Paul
Susan , Thank you for your bid for transportation capacity on Transwestern . We are in the process of evaluating your proposal . I will call you on Monday before noon . I hope your weekend is great ! Paul
FYI - see attached
This meeting will provide an update on the work that I have been doing regarding Price Spreads and Available Capacity in the future . Paul
Kim & Lindy , TK and I may be calling one or both of you to get this posted this week . I can be reached on my cellular at 713 825-8046 . Paul
per your request
Elizabeth , The original delivery points for these contracts were: 26511 21,000/d to Needles TK tells me that now the delivery points are: 11,000/d to Needles 10,000/d to Needles Can you tell me if this is correct ? If yes , will these delivery points and volumes be in effect until the end of the contract ? Can they be changed again ? Do we have paperwork documenting the change ? Craig Buehler told me that Dennis Lee x-3-7115 could be of assistance . Could you speak with him ? I will be out for the rest of the week . Please call me at 713 825-8046 when you figure this out . Many Thanks , Paul
Steve , Per my note , the attached is electronic form of data requested . Paul
Barbara , I noticed the same thing and asked Laura to investigate . I am out of the office but will return on Monday . We'll straighten it out then . Talk to you soon , Paul
FYI
Please have a look at this and see if you spot anything that needs to be added . I'd like to add our gas quality specs and equipment specs mentioned in Sect . 3.3 . Next I want to circulate to engineering and operations for comment . Thanks , Paul
Audrey , I only had regular time . Thanks , Paul
Javier , Do you know anyone that might be interested in this ? Paul
FYI
Maggie , Attached is my completed security request form for access to TW's CAS . Thanks , Paul
Barbara , Transwestern Pipeline Company consents to disclosure of the discount rate for FTS-1 Agreement No . 27606 to the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission . For our files , please FAX a copy of the Confidentiality Agreement between PNM and the NMPRC to me at ( 713 ) 646-4095 . Thanks , Paul Y'Barbo
Scott , See the attached document . I do not propose any language at this time to cover the eventuality of Children ( except for what is in the Will) . Any changes that would be needed to my beneficiary designations for the two Brown & Company accounts and the Enron insurance benefits will simply be made as and when needed . Thanks , Paul
Perry , Please review attached document and let's discuss . You can make revisions to this document and return to me . Thanks , Paul
Alton , Thanks for the concern . Fortunately , I transferred to one of Enron's pipeline companies in mid-September ( just before things started getting really crazy) . This is the most stable part of the company and we will survive no matter what . . . although we may be owned by someone other than Enron . I was also fortunate to have very little Enron stock exposure . Many of my friends have not been so fortunate . They are losing their jobs plus they've lost most of their net worth . Andersen is tight lipped because their butts are on the line also . I don't understand how they could have allowed Enron to guarantee so much debt and then keep it off-balance sheet . Are you all going to Port Neches for Thanksgiving ? Renee and I are going tonight . I hope that you all have a very nice Thanksgiving and Christmas . Many Happy Returns , Paul
Lorraine , Laura has re-invoiced PNM and we should be in agreement now . Thanks , Paul
Suzanne , Final pricing for the subject cargo is dependent on Nov-Jan LPG prices . A provisional amount is due today . Please base the provisional amount on a Nov MB price of 35-cents , Dec and Jan MB prices of 32.5-cents . These prices reflect the current market . Thanks , Paul
Suzanne , I calculate a total amount due of $1,839,120.46 . That is: Total 4,416,699 gallons @ $0.416402 average price . Please confirm . Thanks , Paul
Attached for your reference and commentary is a first draft of a contact list to assist in communication of our key efforts globally . Please make any additions , changes ( and/or corrections ) that you believe are appropriate and return to my office for update and distribution . The goal is not to list out everyone working on a project or business but to include a couple of players if someone needs information about how this could apply to their business . Thanks , mike
George , The URL didn't work , please leave me a voicemail on their next stepts . Have a good week . mike
FYI , mike
Jeff , FYI . I will co-ordinate an executive dinner . He is a great guy and a real player . Sanjiv has asked Ken to be on the board and he is considering . I'll give more details later . Mike
Suzanne , I glanced at the presentation . It looks good . Two comments: 1 . Could we use our older machines for home use ? They are still very good they just aren't the newest technology . All are fast , CD ready with plenty of memory . It could knock the cost down significantly . 2 . I would have the cost of Houston only to start with as a pilot . That would reduce our initial costs significantly even for NA . I recommend that you at least know what that cost is as a fall back position . Good luck . Your teams hard work really shows here . mike
Richard , Hello from South America . I am forwarding this email from John regarding the J-Block problems . Have you been involved in this ? What are your thoughts ? If you have any ideas or can provide with some help , please follow-up . This is confidential but i thought you could help . When he mentioned this , I really couldn't remember much . Amazing how the memory fades on some of the details in just a few years . Mike
John , Hello from South America . I just got your email and I certainly concur with Jeff making the call . He has maintained a good relationship with Mulva . This was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding performance . I don't know how much it will help however . Richard Harper and Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you've already gone through it with them . I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project . When you discussed it , i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult . I don't know if there is anything I can do but I'm always willing to help . Good luck , Mike
Julie , thanks for the update . a couple of items . 1 . take out IT compliance and we will make it 1 dot point under PB's area of technology update 2 . metals - call it MG(plc ) 3 . take out page 16 ( initiatives under consideration ) 4 . Change org chart; Jay - add investments and New Mkt . identification; take S horn off 5 . on agenda page add sub dots for project updates and accomplishments under technology update 6 . Jeff McMahon will add a page on finance as well , give him a call for a draft . It will go in the vision section put it toward the back of the vision section On further emails , only send me change or new pages . It takes forever to download this ( EOL ) when I replicate . Thanks ,
Hello from South America . By way of this email I will ask Cathy Phillips to send you a bio and picturas requested . I will present the Net Works story and EOL in a presentationif they would like . The EOL presentation and statistics are very cool . Idon't have a lot to send them in advance but you can say that ENW is changing everything on our new approach to business and it will be huge . Let me knoif there is something else that I can do . Thanks , mike Enron Technology
John , Below is a response from Richard Harper . A couple of interesting thoughts . Richard would be a great source for running ideas by and/or testing concepts . He is brilliant on this . Just a thought . Mike
Thanks for the quick response . I sent it on to John . Don't be surprised if he calls you; you are the master of this deal . Mike
Steve , Thanks for the update . I was stunned by your email and didn't know about your father . I am very sorry for your loss . My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family . Mike
Please fill in my meetings on my calendar as we normally do . thanks ,
PB , what do you think ?
Bob , Hello from S America . I would recommend 2 people . Both are obvious but Louise Kitchen should do EOL and Ken Rice is the best candidate for EBS . If they aren't available they can pick an appropriate person . Mike
Blake , Thanks for the email . I will work on it . I am out for the next several weeks , S America ( today) , Korea and Japan in the next 2 weeks . If I don't follow-up after that , please email me again . Thanks for the kind words . mike Enron North America Corp .
Cp , please set up 15 minutes some time in July . thanks , mike
Mary Nell and Peter , I certainly agree . I don't know if Jeff has called Mulva but that is the right action before we do anything else . John will hear the result of that conversation as soon as it happens . Thanks and good luck . Mike Mike
John , FYI , Mike
Philippe , I did talk to Skilling about this . I must have forgotten to call you . Jeff really does want it around , you were correct . Is there a compromise solution here ? Maybe a smaller room with a control center vs an entire floor ? Think about items like that and lets discuss . At this point in time , lets not assume we have the option to move it from the new building , at least not all of it . One key consideration is the cost savings by moving it to Ardmore . How much will it really save ? Those numbers a long with all the other points might bring clarity to what we should do . Thanks , Mike Enron North America Corp .
Richard , Right now I'm scheduled to be out of the country . When you come in , call Cathy ( 3-6898 ) and see if it will work . Mike
Julie , thanks for the update . Please add one more change i noticed . Please add Managing Director & CTO to Philippe on the org . chart . Also send next draft and final to Jeff McMahon and Greg Whalley . thanks ,
Joe , Thanks for the email . I am looking forward to the trip and learning more about what you are doing thus how we can help . If we would have had any idea that Europe could have been as big as it has become , we would have done some things differently and we can get a head start with Japan . Thursday sounds great and just let me know about Friday . Is Anthony in japan during the trip ? Remember , I am not a technologist and therefore can't discuss technology specific applications just the business concepts and potential ideas and opportunities . A couple of other questions about the trip . Do you want me to make any presentations while i am there or simply talk about our plans ? Also , what is the appropriate dress code . I am assuming suits but i didn't want to make any assumptions about new cultures . Do you have any cultural facts that you can fax me about the do's and don'ts of both cultures ? Do I have clear instruction how to take the train from the airport . I normally get a driver , I am uncomfortable in new countries that I can't speak any of the language . If there is a way to get lost , I'll find a way . One more item , could you please have your assistant set up a message for me at the hotel . I am usually very stiff and sore after a long trip and it really helps . Make sure it gives me a enough time to arrive to the hotel after the trip . I would also prefer a female if that is acceptable to the Japanese culture . Thanks , Mike
Julie , looks great . Please make sure the video is also in there . I'm doing better but very week . Ready to try food . If I am at all better i will get on the plane tomorow . Yolanda is going to messanger a bunch of stuff to my house later , just make sure she gets the CD . Thanks ,
I'll let you know later . thanks ,
Joe , Thanks for the response . As you heard from Cathy , I got a stomach virus and all 4 of us in the family spent Saturday night throwing up . I am writing this from my bed and I am improving . I should be able to get on the plane tomorrow and am about to eat lunch ( 1st meal since Sat . but I think it will be fine) . I'm definitely in recovery mode . I am having everything messengered out to my house later this afternoon but am concerned about contacts and getting to the hotel . I know you have said that it is easy to take the train and the bus but I am concerned about it , especially if i am still a little under the weather . I still don't want to have a car , but would you please set up someone on your staff to meet me at the gate and escort me through the process . Sorry if it is a pain but I think I might need it and it will make me feel much more comfortable on the flight over knowing that I will have assistance . Thanks for your help and I'll see you soon . Mike McConnell
Allan , Thanks , I'll add them to the list . I would appreciate a self appraisal feedback form on yourself with your list of accomplishments to date . ( I know it is hard to put together when you've been here for as long as you have) . mike Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for your help . We got in and its working fine . mike
Now you know we don't have the room ! mike
Philippe , I don't really understand this guys question . I need to respond to him with something because I know his dad very well via JDF . Ross Cooley was Rod Canions #2 guy at compaq for years . Can you send me to the right person ? Thanks , Mike
Wade , I had a good discussion with Hemant . I am in full support of his position as a VP at Enron . Mike
Mike , I am totally booked today and am physically out of our office most of the day . Cathy has attempted to coordinate and has set him up to talk with a couple of other senior people in New Works and technology . She will know if my schedules changes and I become available . Sorry it couldn't work out . mike
John , Howdy from Houston . I received a call from a guy named Steve Scott who is involved with several ventures including a German VC called eStreet . Are you aware of these guys ? They want to talk to someone about e-opportunties in Europe especially Spain . I will ask him to call you once I talk with him but I don't have your number in London . Two questions , what is your phone number in London ( the phone book has you in Germany ) and do you know these guys ? Thanks , Mike
I just talked with Cindy Olsen about the project . We need to assign someone in our group to be the technology lead . I know we have people on it but we need to pick someone to be responsible and then clarify that person's role . Please get back to me with the selection . Thanks , mike
Allan , Please call Fred and discuss . Thanks , mike
Pam , I'm following up on a few old items . Did you get what you needed here ? I was in Asia when I originally got this and didn't hear anything back on this . Thanks , mike
I'm fine with it . mike
Thanks and have a great holiday .
I think he is an excellent choice if he has time . Will he have help ? Enron North America Corp .
By the way , I still couldn't open this .
I hope some of these help . They are similar in nature but may have different pieces inlcuded in them . I recommend flipping through them quickly and eliminate extras or ones that you don't need . Call me if you need anything else . mike
George , below is my first cut at the brief announcement . As we discussed imay be combined with a Jay and Allan announcement but never the less it wilgo out friday evening . Please make recommendations and return as soon as possible for my review . Thanks , mike George Wasaff , MD for Global Strategic Sourcing , will be moving direct responsibility for his entire organization from Enron New Works to Rick Causey,s organization . This global group has been very successful indeveloping and executing its new business and we believe that this is thebest fit in the organization to complete its aggressive goals and objectives . George will report directly to Rick Causey .
Thanks , I'll keep my ears open . mike
thanks for the follow-up mike
Ted , Thanks for the email . It looks like bad luck again for lunch . I am out of town again . Life is crazy right now . Look for more on Enron and Enron Net Works in the near future . We are busy . Thanks and i hope all is well . mike
Attached is the first draft of the eCommerce Commercial and Origination Activities Contact List . This is being prepared for a wider distribution , therefore , please take a moment to review the list carefully and let me know if you have any changes to the list or if you would like to add any additional names to the list that you feel are appropriate . The purpose of this document is to provide a consistent means for all areas of Enron to direct questions and inquiries related to specific eCommerce issues . Thank you . Mike McConnell
Greg , a couple of other thoughts and ideas for Monday's meeting . I would like to discuss the entire process chain as part of the timelines , personnel responsibilities and key action items . I think this is another good way to find any potential gaps and help prioritize various items and assignments . Andrew Parsons Sr . Director ( and superior performer ) is a great and very smart guy that can add a lot of value to the effort . You will like him and he will be a very valuable resource to add to the team - even if it is for a couple of weeks . He wrote the IT compliance process chain and could reverse engineer difficult parts that are unique to the Ariba platform . He has others on his team that could help and I've asked him to think about his existing AA resources that are available ( some are working on ClickPaper already) . Other resources that have been identified to potential added firepower in the short run: Beth Pearlman , John Tollefson ( IT) , Bob Schultz ( LK said she could spare him without delaying phase 2 roll out) , Dave Forester ( not a good option because it would definitely set back phase 2 roll out) , Mary Solmenson , Scott Mills , Berry Pearce , David Port , David Sweeny , Sally Beck ( advice and discuss additional resources) . I did ask Louise to jump in ( and i know you did too ) to help on some quick thoughts on process and lessons learned . I saw the process maps for EOL and I think they , or the simplified early versions , are very important and key to a successful launch for ClickPaper . I went by to see Mark Palmer ( he was out ) and left him a voice mail on the marketing effort and what Margarat Allen is doing . I wanted him to make sure that he understood the importance and priority of this effort . I also talked with Beth Pearlman about helping out ( or assigning John Tollefson ) and I told her that we would be talking about this on Monday afternoon . Do we need to have Alan Aronowitz or Mark Taylor look over the agreements to add a trading perspective ? A few thoughts , see you tomorrow . mike
Greg , FYI . I'll give you a full update on Monday afternoon via voicemail . We are on our way .
Monica , This looks ok , but I can give you more accurate and more up to date slides for the future . One important fact , we do not distibute the EOL slides to the general public . Normally what we do is present the story but do not include hard copies with the conference hand outs . mike
Thanks . Enron North America Corp .
Cathy would you please review daily for updates and make the changes on a running list . I'll read for info only and you can update them . After I read them and waiting 1 day , I'll delete from the system . thanks , mike
Cedric , As a follow-up to our meeting , below are a few comments and ideas regardinthe Net Works piece of the analyst presentation . I know I sent you a lot of data and presentations , here are a few pages inthe various presentations that I think may be appropriate for the presentation ( or pieces of them ) including: ?  Why Enron ? ?  Recent Enron eCommerce Experience ?  Lessons Learned ?  Business Strategy ?  Target Market Criteria ?  Enron Today/Enron Tomorrow Here are a couple of other thoughts and ideas . We need to emphasize our new businesses outside the energy business ( obvious) . Clickpaper.com will be out and live just before the analyst meetings . This is very exciting and could take the industry by storm ( eventually) . Especially with Jeff,s comments with the analysts . Thisshould be emphasized with the metals piece . The concept is that here are 2new areas where Enron is going to change the "old economy" businesses andindustries . Clickpaper will have real time pricing which is different thanall the other 15 existing sites . All of the others are charging 3% fees fomatching buyers and sellers in a bulletin board or auction type of transactions . We will also have that functionality ( and will charge 1% or $(we,ll update you later ) but will also have an EOL type of real time pricomponent ( this piece will be free) . This piece will not be ready for July25th but will be announced publicly and in final development stages ( shouldbe out by end of 3rd qtr.) . I believe that the link with Net Works with bopaper and metals is very important for providing a more complete picture than just metals alone . Also for your information , we are working on 2 acquisition deals that will be coming out soon , 1 is to buy a mill and coulbe announced next week , which will also clarify and add to the story since we will have access to physical pulp and paper . Paper must be an important piece of the presentation . Greg Piper is the MD for Clickpaper and he cananswer any other questions and fill you in and answer more questions . He can be reached at ext . 36635 . Also , on the "Target Markets" page , I would reorder; put Lumber underneathpulp and paper and think about separating the others as potential markets . That way we could actually check off the top 3 as "done" and the others arein "incubation" and examination stages . Please draft up your initial thoughts on these items and send me the latestversion and I,ll add additional commentary . I will be in all next week . Thanks , mike
Mark , as discussed this morning . When does Cedric get back ? I can go through them in more detail but I thought these would help . mike
Mike , Thanks for the response . Yes , I would like a complete review of your initiatives . Please call Cathy at 36898 and get on my calendar for a 1 hour update . Thanks , mike
Rebecca , Philippe being the only other corp officer within the large technology organization has an enormous volume of contracts to sign . A large bulk of the signatures that are required come from two areas; Infrastructure and ENA . I would like to have 2 current Vice Presidents within the business units made corp VPs: Beth Pearlman and Jenny Rub . Can we make this happen and when would it occur ? Thanks , Mike
They look fine to me . There is a lot there - not . I know that is the plan , i'm kidding . mike
I don't think you got a copy of this . mike Andrew , please make sure Jeff gets a copy of all of everything . He is the Office of the Chairman sponor of the vertical and will be managing this process with Greg Piper until launch . I stepped in while he was out of town on holiday .
Rebecca , Ouch . Thanks checking , sorry for being out of the loop . I'll let Philippe know , although he should have already been aware of this . Mike
FYI . I got this from mike late last week . Any comments ? It looks very early in their development but Mike may want them to talk to a couple of people here about their site . We need to be helpful if it will help his business . Dan are you up to speed on this ? If not please call him and get his viewpoint as well . Mike
Guy , FYI . Is anyone familiar with this ? Mike is looking for some feedback . It looks very premature and not worth a lot of time but he may need us to talk with them to help him with his business down there . Any comments ? Mike
Steve , Here is an email from Mike . Are you up to speed on this ? What do you think ? Please provide some quick feedback via email . Thanks , mike
Thank your email . I am forwarding it on to Robert Jones , VP of HR for the Net Works group and he will make sure that it gets wide distribution for possible positions . Mike McConnell
FYI , please forward as you feel might be the best fit for consideration . mike
please set up a time for us to meet . meet only . please put him in front of some meeting so it cant go on to long . thanks , m
I could make the Atlanta conference on Oct . 2 - 3 . The presentation would be similar to the one I am going to do in Sept . would that be a problem ? Actually , I thought the Sept . conference was aimed at this type of crowd as well . Mike McConnell
I am working on the presentation for the analyst meetings that are taking place July 24-26 . Enron Net Works is being featured and as part of the overall story Skilling wants to see some basic information on your businesses ( and a few other possible verticals and market places) . Please provide me with these 3 specific items of information . 1 . Total market size for your business: e.g . Pulp and Paper is approx . $300 billion . 2 . Your target market share of that total 3 . Targeted ( or other comparable ) margin that you would ( or could ) expect to see I realize this is subjective but I do need an answer to all 3 questions . Put any explanation that you feel is important or needed . Also please quote the source of the global market size . When I get all the information , I'll go through it with everyone . We also need to get the global size of the markets that we are considering moving into and if you know any of these below , please let me know . Data storage Grains Petrochemicals Steel Logistics Thank you for your quick response . Mike
Mike , I just had my schedule changed dramatically for tomorrow and will not be able to talk . How about Friday @ 10am ? Sorry , but we have a situation I must get involved with and change a direction . I did review the email , and passed it on to others . I do not see much from this site nor how it is actually going to develop real liquidity in the market . If there are a couple of items that you want me to specifically be ready for ,  please send me a couple of comments via email or voicemail . Thanks , Mike
Mike , I agree with your assessment on keeping tabs on them but currently I don't see any real opportunity or decision to spend time or money with this effort . I have received feedback from others in the group as well and they agree with our general thinking . Have you talked with Louise lately ? We are announcing today that we will be pushing our pricing to other platforms in the US ( therefore we keep all the liquidity of their markets) . Maybe this will apply to these guys , someday . Certainly it is not appropriate now and with your domination concerns it might scare them even more . My time is very limited next week and I am double booked most of the time . I'm out Wed - Sunday and then the analyst meetings begin after that . I really don't have time to meet with them especially if there is not real deal pending . Is there someone else that is more appropriate , maybe someone can take them through EOL ? If you like that , please call Louise and co-ordinate . Thanks , Mike Enron North America Corp .
Steve , FYI , here was my response to Michael . I was surprised that you didn't know about this but i probably shouldn't have been . Let me know if you have a different opinion . Mike
Gary , Below is some information that might be of assistance to you . I don't think that I sent this to you when I got it . If I did please ignore this . D'Arcy Carroll ( works for us in S . America ) came to us from Cargill and knows a lot of people there . He has a couple of names that I have passed on internally for consideration but I am sure they didn't go to the right place . On a recent trip to Sao Paulo , many of the ag products came up in meetings as good opportunities for Enron to go in and change that industry . Coffee , Orange Juice , grains and sugar were brought up a lot . D'Arcy may have traded an ag book for Cargill , I can't remember . Anyway , I am passing this message and names on to you for consideration . A phone call to D'Arcy might also be worth a few minutes of your time . He knows a lot about Cargill and has an opinion on how to capture their markets . Mike
CP , would you please follow up and get the right forms to fill out . I willgive my $5k . thanks , mike
Lisa , I am now catching up with some old emails ( I've been out of the country for quite some time) . What is the status on this . What got approved and how much ? Do we still need more for Ted ? Mike McConnell
Thank you for the email . I have forwarded it on for people's consideration . Mike McConnell
Richard , Life does move on ! What is Malcomb thinking ! Can you imagine intentionally working for and believing in Jonathan Legg ? Hope all is well . Mike
Steve , Thanks for the voicemail . I was surprised that you were not up to speed ( although I probably shouldn't be) . Please talk with Joe and get is view on this . I left michael an email on my view , which is that it looks very early and I don't think it is worth our time or money at this point . Certainly he wants to maintain a good relationship and watch them and maybe you can help with that . Let me know if you get any other news . Thanks , Mike
Jeff , FYI , I just got this from Tom . We don't have a very big opportunity here ! Tom did tell me that his numbers were going to be difficult to get . Not that i don't want to put $5 trillion on our chart , but what do you think we should put as market size ? Nat gas , power and our existing verticals only ? What do you think ? He is the only one to give me a number yet . I am going to discuss it at the staff meeting . Mike
John , We have discussed i2 in the past but we need to take some action steps to make decisions and move forward . Here is what I want to see done in short order . Meeting with all key technologist on the full suite of products and functionality with complete demonstration by i2 . I would especially want PB , JP , BP , HE , and JG from George's group . Follow-up meeting ( after the technologists see functionality and form opinions and possible applications ) with key commercial leaders: GP - P&P; TG - CommodityLogic; BG - Metals and steel; JF - New Markets and Investments; AS - New Markets and Bus Dev . During that meeting , we need to have some real players with i2 there to brainstorm and discuss business expansion opportunities in the specific verticals . It would be good to actually have this meeting in Dallas but I am concerned about attendance . i2 owns the process and supply/downstream management in these industries and we need to really look to see if our combination can accelerate our new efforts and solve any logistic issues . Put together an action plan . George's group has already put a presentation together about i2 , the products and possible applications . George , please sent that to John . I would like that document to be our updated business plan for i2 to be used as a "living" document as we move forward . Assign someone to make and co-ordinate the use and full deployment of those products ( utilize our $10 million spend) . I want someone to have the responsibility for i2 and he or she can also work with EBS on what they are doing also . To be clear , we have spent the $10 million already but are not using the products . I want to deploy all ( if possible ) and make this investment fully utilized . I do understand that we don't drive businesses around a pre-purchased product but we should look at is as a sunk cost and rationalize why we shouldn't use if rather that simply considering it as an option . Jason Robert , ( 469 ) 357-6737 , was at the dinner with Sanjiv , Greg Brady , Jeff and Greg and he knows some of the mutual objectives . He would be the guy to work with and set it all up . EBS should be involved as well . Rex Shelby is spending a lot of time with i2 , weekly visits , and should also participate and use their products as well . Is there an application for all of EES and their business ? Remember , Ken Lay is considering joining their board and we should be able to give him very clear insight on their products and how their company works . PB , if you want someone outside Pavetto's group to work on this that is fine but i want to understand the background and how they will make this happen . Thanks and please let me know your initial thoughts and timing . If you need to have me send out an email to make sure that everyone understands the priority , please draft up and I'll send out . Mike
Market size is in the presentation , thanks . I want you to pick the number you want me to reference as our potential market share target and a potential margin number extrapolated from that . Please respond ASAP with what you feel comfortable with . Thanks , mike
Its on my calendar .
Here is a draft of the Jay announcement . What do you think ? mike
Jay , I like it . Two questions . 1 . You didn't address how our investment group will work with other groups , specifically , EEL , ENA will ( may ) be different than how it works ( and approves ) investments with the investments from the other business groups . 2 . You still called it Steve's group . Do you want to address the issue more directly or leave it more ambiguous ? What are your thoughts ? mike
Greg , FYI , This is a draft org announcement to clarify Jay's and now Alan's roleWe have discussed this before but I think this is important to send out andofficially address . It is intentionally very brief and informs people of the new situation . Please let me know if you have any comments , I would like to send out this week . Thanks , Mike At Enron Net Works , it has become clear that we have a tremendous opportunito utilize our unique strengths , skills and new business efforts across anentire new set of opportunities being created in the private equity marketsBecause of this , we have reorganized the Enron Net Works Investments Groupwith the view to leveraging the group better across strategic opportunitiesin the eCommerce and technology space , and within Enron . Effective immediately , Jay Fitzgerald will take responsibility for settingENW,s investment strategy and the implementation of that strategy . Repoto him in this new role will be Steve Horn and the venture investing group.Further , Alan Sommer will be joining Jay,s team to focus on developing nmarket opportunities , with a focus on working with the various domestic andinternational Enron business units to develop eCommerce-related businessesand strategies . Jay will be relocating to New York city and will be working both out of theNew York and Houston offices in his new role , and can be reached at jay@enron.com or by phone at either ( 212 ) 702-3934 or ( 713 ) 853-9914 .
Jay , Howdy from Houston . I bet it is cooler in NY . I don't really have any other ideas as you addressed below except I changed the word "his" to "the" investment group . As far as other clarification of duties , I don't have any issue with it , but every CEO will call me and ask if this is a change in how they deal with Alan or investments . What is the status with Steve and how the group is organized ? Did you talk with him and let him know that he is a stand alone dealmaker with an area of concentration ? Is that your official assigned work number ? If not , we need to get one assigned before the email goes out . Also , I am assuming that this is in the MG office not the small Enron office , is that accurate ? Greg and I both think that the MG office is the best location and will help them assimilate with Enron . Thanks , Mike PS , good luck in the move
Jeannie , Thanks for asking about my dad , he is doing very well after surgery which we believe was successful . My kids loved it . The really enjoyed learning about Dad's work and what I do . I think that this is a very important event because we all spend so much time here at Enron . I have two children Claire - 9 and Michael - 6 . They both look forward to the event and talk about it for weeks prior to the actual day . Actually my daughter talks about it all year long . Also they really can identify with Enron and talk more about it because of events like these . Mike
CP , please forward quote to JDF for their consideration . mike It looks fine . Thanks , mike
Mary , I would say a couple of things . I describe Enron's unique culture using adjectives like ,  empowerment , innovation , innovation on steroids , high energy , exciting , challenging , cool , a great place to work . Each one of these can be made into a sentence and/or a statement . I hope this is what you were looking for . Mike
Jeff , I discovered this on my email this morning ( I couldn't sleep) . I didn't know where you were on the numbers for the presentation but I thought I would forward this to you know . I hope you already had what you needed here since i am sure it is too late . Mike
Thanks for the update .
Greg and Jeff , I like the presentation . I see you solved the matrix problem and got it down to 8 pages . Greg and Mark , good luck on the analyst meetings , we'll look forward to our stock price increases from your presentations . Mike
Bill , Thanks for sharing this letter . I am always moved when I read things likethis and unfortunately I see a lot of them . Who is her mom , someone that works for us in Omaha ? Would you please let me know via email . Thanks for supporting her in her cause and efforts . Mike Enron North America Corp .
Greg , Yes , I am their guy . I have extensive info and feedback forms on them . We definitely need to talk . Please set up a 30 minute meeting with Cathy 36898 and we can go through it and i;ll give you a copy of all info . Thanks , mike PS congrats on ClickPaper . The site looks great , you and your group accomplished a lot in a short period of time . I know that the big test day was yesterday and hope all went well . Enron North America Corp .
Julie , thanks , mike
Fred , I haven't heard anything from you since this email . Have you made any progress on your update ? I still believe this has a lot of merit and would like to hear your perspective . Mike Enron North America Corp .
Scott , I was following up on a few old items , has anyone contacted you from Enron ? If yes , please let me know , if not please resend email and i'll follow-up to make sure you get a response . Thanks , Mike McConnell
Andrew , How's the working coming ? What is your view of where we are . Thanks , Mike
Steve , Sorry for the slow response but I got the latest word on voicemail while out here in SF . They completely screwed up my order , not Ron the guy from Mercedes USA , but the dealer . Ron has stepped in and followed up himself and I'll be receiving a 2001 in late August/early Sept. . He is a good guy and is trying to make up for the major dropping of the ball . My sales guy that blew it is no longer in that job . Hopefully it will be coming soon . I'll believe it when i see it but I am very excited and it was a real let down in June when it didn't' arrive . Thanks for asking . We'll talk soon . mike
Chris , Thanks for the email . I certainly understand your situation and perspective . Give me a call when you return and we can discuss it . We do have a lot going on in Net Works and we may have some additional clarity on our direction and priorities when you return from your trip . Thanks for your tips on SF and for offering your home in the wine country . Maybe we can take you up on it another time . Mike
Matt , I did receive it and sent it on . If you don't hear anything please let me know . Mike
Bob , Thanks for the email and invitation . I am out of the office traveling right now and must get back to you on my availability . Mike
CP , check out my emails ! As you can tell my trip wasn't all fun . I was obviously able to make the system work from the hotel - finally . I left a few emails from various speaking forums . Would you please follow-up on them and delete items that we dont need anymore . Thanks , Mike
Pop , I got this today but there wasn't any message , was this a test ? You are so high tech now ! Mike
Joe , Thanks for the email . Project Summer does bring up some big questions and issues and I am not up to speed on the current thinking . We'll talk later and i'll find out the issues and viewpoints . On your other issue , I understand and we'll discuss . Thanks , mike
Joe , It worked great , thanks for all your help . mike
FYI and evaluation , attached is a business plan from the CALME group . Please let me know what you think . They are trying to play ball and sent this to us . Also they are beginning to call me . I had planned to send this to you while I was out but it wouldn't go thru properly from San Francisco . Allan , please give her a call and let her know you received it and let her know your overall impression . By the way , Karen is David Haug's new fiancee . Thanks , Mike
CP , I want to get this out this afternoon , after hours . I want this to go to ENA , ENW and executive committee .
Mark and David , Below is my first stab at the organization memo . I didn't over focus on specific wording and I am not sure how you want to address the various groups that will be affected . I believe we need to address all of them by name and they should probably be in alpha order as to not upset anyone on the order . I also didn't know any other information that you may want to include with regard to the successes from the group year to date . Greg , Jeff and I are getting together for lunch tomorrow to discuss the New Works organization . I think that this should come from Enron's office of the Chairman vs . the business units because it does affect 2 different lines of business and it will have more impact and clarity for the other groups especially , my departure from Net Works . After you guys pretty this up ( and destroy it ) please send it back via email and i'll make sure and coordinate with Whalley . Thanks , Mike
I see we passed $100,000,000,000 ! That's a lot of zeros . Congratulations , who would have predicted this when you got called back from your plane trip to work on this new trading idea . You should be very proud . We all are . Mike
Mark , Here is the org memo draft we discussed . I sent it to you yesterday but found a rejection notice on your address this morning . Here it is again . I'm in all day and tomorrow if you want to discuss . Mike
Steve , Sorry I missed you yesterday . There is a lot going on here and in S America and we can probably discuss it next week . I agree with your assessment of and the need to clarify roles and implement the business plan . We will address all but there are some things going on that make it appropriate to wait a little . If you have any questions you can address them with Joe but I would wait and keep moving forward on your daily business and projects . I like the plan and we will discuss my comments next week . Thanks , mike I am in most of next week .
David , Thanks for the comments and updates . I didn't know exactly how it was structured . I am waiting on the revised draft from Frevert . After I get that one I will circulate it to Greg for his additions for the Net Works pieces . I don't believe that we are going to add Shankman to the executive committee right now . I am assuming the same is for Lavo . There may be an appropriate time in the near future to make changes to the committee and they may be considered then . I don't think they want to add any additional people at this time . Mark may have a different opinion and if he does , I am sure he will add it . I do think we should add that Mark is Chairman of all the organizations . Thanks , Mike
Mark and David , David I got your latest comments this morning . I like them and added the correct Enron Net Works changes . I will send this to Greg and Jeff immediately to work on the ENW piece , I am sure they will add to it and change it . Thanks , Mike PS; Mark , I haven't seen your draft , what do you think about this one ?
Greg and Jeff , Attached is the draft announcement for the organization changes . I am sure you will want to change the ENW piece , so far the focus was on the wording from the wholesale side but the titles should be correct for ENW . Please provide your comments and I'll make sure they get included correctly . Thanks , Mike
David , Attached for your information is an email from the CEO of Six Foot Studios . This guy is the brother-in- law of Robin Gibbs , one of the top litigators in the country . Robin and his firm is used a great deal in our key cases for Enron . This looks like a cool company but I have no idea if you have any interest in his company or it's products . I do , however , need someone to follow-up with him , even if it is a polite discussion that we don't have any interest . We need to respond in some manner . I forwarded this a while ago but he didn't hear anything . He is successfully getting in to companies in Houston and Compaq is a big supporter . I hope there is an opportunity here . Thanks , Mike
Matt , I did send on your email to 3 people at EBS: Ken Rice , CEO; David Cox , MD; and Kevin Garland , VP of investments . They are all out of the office thru next week . If you don't hear back from someone in a couple of weeks , please let me know . Thanks and good luck . Say hello to my good friend Robin . Mike McConnell
Nice presentation , I'll give other comments later . mike
Kelly , I talked with Rebecca . This list is fine , I have no changes . mike
John , I like the report . Nice job .
Jeff , Steve Horn is pushing for us to speak at this conference in Aspen . I told him that I am not available but it does look good and it is in a nice place - also the speakers are first rate . What do you think ? If you are interested please let Steve know . I told him that I thought everyone was busy . Mike
Jeff , yet another email . This article just got re-written but obviously needs to be updated . What do you think about putting in your name on this ? Mike
Cool!!! ! What a great head start on this years effort . The Doug Leach team is off to an award winning start ! With matching thats $10,000 . Thanks and good luck , Mike PS , I'm done and part of the team . Announcement out soon . I am really looking forward to working with you .
man you're fast .
Mark , Thanks for the updates . I have big news; I'm changing jobs . This is not announced yet but I am moving to the wholesale group with Frevert to become CEO for a new business unit called Enron Global Markets . It will contain the global commodities including Crude and products , coal , LNG , weather , insurance , FX/interest rates/equities , etc . I think MEC is very cool and i am glad we are pursing it . Please keep Philippe , Jay and now Jeff McMahon in the loop . Good luck with this and I look forward to hearing more about it's success . Please keep this news to yourself until next week . Thanks , Mike Enron Investment Partners
FYI , please make sure someone takes a look at this and atleast provides a response . Thanks , mike
Steve and D'Arcy , Here is the short version of the Net Works story that was presented to the analysts . Also please forward to Kish . Thanks , Mike
D'Arcy , Attached as requested is the copy of the public information on EOL . mike
This email was sent to me by mistake . I didn't read it once I realized it was sent to me in error . Mike McConnell
Allan , Would you please contact this guy and see what he wants . We need to follow-up because his dad is on the board with me for JDF and he was the number 2 guy at Compaq with Rod Canion . He is a Ken Lay buddy as well . Please find out if there is any synergies here and if not please simply respond and say thanks no thanks . We just don't want him to think that Enron blew him off . Thanks and i hope it is not a waste of time . Mike
FYI , please make sure he understands you should get all this information . thanks , m
Nicki , Can you believe that we will be working together again soon ? Chris , Claireand Michael were up last week for lunch and we all came by to see you but ocourse you hadn't moved yet . It will be fun . On the memo , I am fine with it and like the changes Mark put on the drafts.I do have 1 issue to talk to him about and that is the emissions piece whicnow appears to have separated from the coal group . I will talk to him abouit and see why that has changed but other than that business call , it is fine . I was just with Skilling and I think he is ready for it when you geteveryone's comments . Mike
David , Thanks for the email . On metals , I believe all of that will remain under John Sherriff and not our new group . Paper will remain in NA as well . Both will be re-examined at some point but not now . I like Cindy as well , she sounds fine to me . Who is better , Cindy or Hoyt ? Do you want me to co-ordinate with Cindy while you are on vacation ? Thanks , Mike
Thanks for the email . Reorganize and grow this business ? Not me?? ! Upon first look , this business appears to have huge opportunities and ones that can be executed upon , especially if they consider themselves a core business . It will be a big challenge but we will make it work in a big way . A lot of people have tried to make this business work . I'll follow-up on Treasury Connect , thanks for the heads up . By the way , science is Gary's passion and he has an undergraduate and MS in chemistry . He might be an interesting guy to get involved ( at least at the edges ) with this project . I told him about it and he really would like to get invited to the next meeting . What do you think ? It always helps to have an avid supporter in a new business . Mike
Tom , as we discussed , attached is the ENW presentation from the analyst show . It was nice getting caught up . mike
Greg , Listed below is a brief outline of some of the key items that I turned overto McMahon . I didn't attempt to put down anything but a reference point buhe has the files and we went through every point . We didn't spend a lot oftime on the international activities because a great deal of it might not bpart of the group after project Summer . He attended my ( his ) Monday staffmeeting and he got a flavor of the group and what everyone does . This isgoing to be primarily Philippe's meeting now but he is going to attend toprovide needed commercial balance and if he does , I believe that is all thetime he has to spend on that side of the business . I hope you are having a successful trip . Mike Outstanding and Priority Items International/other business unit activities ?  Japan ?  Korea ?  Europe ?  India Staff Meetings ?  Monday lunch HR ?  Recruiting ?  Robert Jones ?  Compensation issues Investments Infrastructure ?  Other projects Speaking commitments ?  Sept 21st )  Economist )  Laguna , CA Financial structure/accounting ?  RCs and budgets ?  Shared resources Management/Strategic planning Project Summer IT project resource review
Richard , Thanks for the voicemail and email . Congrats to you also . Hopefully we will get a chance to work together more often . I'll give you a call on my next trip to London . Mike
Thanks . I'm looking forward to working closer with everone . Lets get together for dinner . I'll ask Chris to call your better half . Mike
Mark , Thanks for the email . Yes it was a very difficult decision to leave our group . I've really enjoyed working with you and your group; I think we have a great group . I know you that you are working on this side of the business already and I will be giving you a call to get your input and direction . Cheers , Mike Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
Wade , Thanks for the email and invitation . You never know when I may show up ! I look forward to learning more about this and how our groups work together . Is John's group doing a good job for you ? Mike
Fred , thanks for the info and I am going to give it to several people to look at . I do need to move our meeting . I'lll be in touch to reschedule . Thanks , mike
David , you can take me off the distribution list now . Thanks , mike
Tom , Thanks for the email , Stan said the same thing ! It does make llife interesting . Hope all is well . mike Enron North America Corp . From: Tom Shelton 08/01/2000 08:43 AM
Steve , thanks for the email . I will not be attending .
Jeff , FYI and consideration , here is another speaking oppt ! Jeff S . is the keynote and our group has participated with Bob , Suzanne's husband , before . This is the conference when we came out with EOL last year . mike
All , FYI , here is the latest draft of their business plan for your review and commentary . I had the video call yesterday and went through all the org changes . I did not provide any commentary on the specifics for obvious reasons . Mike
John , Thanks for the email . It was great hearing from you . This job will be fun and it will be odd to return to the energy business after my last year in technology and the new economy . I am glad to hear that all is well with you and your family . I don't have a trip planned currently but I am sure I'll be in London at some point during the year . I'll give you a call . Cheers , mike
Louise , I do agree . I haven't really looked at or studied the plan because of the pending changes . There are some good guys down there and I believe they can do some good work to help you in your quest for world domination . Good luck with this . Cheers , mike
Jonathan , Howdy ( that's Texas for Cheers ) from Houston . Thanks for the email . I dothink there is a lot to do in Japan and all of Asia . I won't be a strangerIt is a very interesting job and it was a tough decision to accept it . OnJeff , we decided to do this as a package deal . I think he was ready to trysomething different and we'll make a good team . Good luck and I'll see you by the end of the year . Mike
I would be happy to participate . I think you will really like this , it is worth the time . It was the best training I've ever attended . I hope you are having a great holdiay . Mike Enron Technology
Jay , I think that should be looked at and re-evaluated . The way I had it , AS , PB , DB and I ( we had commercial and IT infrastructure covered in 1 call ) all attended the video calls but I primarily drove the business activities and co-ordination . I had envisioned Allan and your group taking over directly pre my change and pre other international ongoing activities . I suggest that all of you re-look at it and do what you want but there are obvious big changes coming that will affect your decision and how we will approach the business opportunities . I believe they are a great resource for future development and they really appreciated the communication effort and we really helped them . Good luck , Mike
Ted , thanks for forwarding . They are great . mike
Joe , of course , I'll ask Cathy to set up a time for a call . I hope all is well . Things are crazy here , crazy but great . mike
Cool , I don't know what it tells me but I love it . It looks like a map of world domination ! Mike
Jennifer , Thank you very much for your email . I can still watch everyone's success ! I enjoyed working with you and your group . Best of luck to you in the future . Mike
Jeff , do you know this publication ? mike
Brandon , what is the status of the dash ?
Bob , I hope all is well . I appreciate your thoughts of including me and sending me emails but I need you to take me off your distribution list . This type of emails are not allowed at Enron and there are consequences with opening them . I hope you understand . Mike
Stuart , Thanks for the email and raising this issue . While reading it , I must admit I was very surprised . I am not a big baseball fan and have been to only 2 games this year and I hadn't noticed it . I just called Cindy Olson and left her a voicemail with your concern . I will not forward your email and I will respect your privacy request . When I hear from her , I'll let you what she says . Thanks , Mike
Greg , Thanks for the email . I hope all is well with you and your family . I appreciate you including me in the notice . This really makes you realize what is truly important . Mike
Thanks for including me . Sorry I was unable to attend .
Randy , Thanks for the email . Yes , life is wild at Enronville . It was a very difficult decision to leave this group but I am enjoying my first week . I keep up via old channels with your company . I am so glad that it all worked out and I know you will have continued success . I'll give you a call when things settle down . I hope all is well with you and your family . mike
Brandon , I told McMahon that I would sign it so please forward on to me for execution . Thanks , mike
Jonny , Thank you so much for the email and kind words . I was very moved by it and you know I feel the same way . I have become very reflective with the more "success" that I have been fortunate enough to receive . I am so thankful and appreciative and although I have always been religious and spiritual , it has grown more deeply . I see so many people that have lost their perspective and I pray that I will remain grounded and truly appreciate the blessings that our family has received . Chris and I often discuss how we can help others and what can we do to really make a difference . The Jones and the McConnells are truly very lucky . Thanks , and give my love to your family . Mike PS: What about OU - Texas , do you have any ideas or plans already in the works ?
FYI , mike
Kevin , A quick question before our meeting . Didn't we have a little different form that you used at HPL ? I thought I remembered a little different version of the Contract Approval Sheet . One that had more detail and description of the risks . Thanks , Mike
Dave , Per my voicemail . Please give me a call on this . Mike
Dan , Thanks for the email and quick response . I am in the process of discussing this with various people . A couple of observations that have become clear and I want to pass them on to you . Overall , the size of the transaction is not going to fly . If we brought in other players and significantly reduced our exposure and the other players validated the technology and overall play , it would increase the odds that we are interested in this type of deal . Rick Buy stated firmly that Jeff will not be interested in taking this type of deal to the board especially with what just happened with Ecogas and Kafus . I called George last night and touched on these topics but they have been reconfirmed this morning . I understand that the deal is very active and needs to move forward now , but I think we should inform Pacificorp that we will not take the entire deal . Last night George stated that he may not want to tell them that and I agreed . But upon reflection , I think that needs to be re-addressed . The original deal size is DOA and if I really believe that , then not passing that information could hurt us in getting any size deal potentially closed with these guys . Also having them assist in bringing others to the table might be beneficial . I'll keep you informed as i move forward and learn more . Mike
Dan , I have read the Synfuel marketing plan , it is excellent work and I would like to see this duplicated ( or amended ) with AIG or other concepts like this as they develop . Thanks , Mike
Pup , That sounds great to us . I take it you are not bringing the kids . Have you already made reservations and a tee time ? Who else is included in this ? Also , am i interfering by inviting ourselves in your plans ! Mike
I agree , congrats . mike
Lea , I like this and it gives us something to start with . Let's us this as a "living" document and expand it with the thought that we can present this to Ken as a presentation . A few thoughts: Add a section of what the collection will not be . e.g.: not so contemporary that majority of people will have a very negative reaction . Understanding that not everyone will ever agree on everything Address a few ideas on key locations and options per key areas . For example: 5 key large major areas could contain the following themes - 1 large painting by commissioned contemporary recognized artists . Present a few artists as options and ideas . Key trading areas: could be modern and high energy to reflect the culture or the opposite , more serene commentary as a balance . pick artists as an idea . Address key themes: trading are will have xxxx , individual business unit common areas can be distinct to their culture with guidelines such as xxxx . Describe the area reserved for Enron memorabilia ? General theme considerations and guidelines: Innovation , global , as you've already addressed List out options with front entry area ( Nevelson ) Address old building and what we are going to do with the collection: for example art work will be more consistent within business units and will be re-aligned , common areas will link with new concepts and themes A few thoughts on budget and generally how it will be spent as a guideline: e.g.: 20% will be spent on 5 key areas , 10% on trading floor areas.... . Timeline and the need to start now Update: RC set up and ready , funding by Andy Fastow I hope this helps and gives you feedback as you wanted . With Jeff and my new responsibilities , we have even less time to spend on this then before . We should discuss and address now so that it is fair on you and we put that plan tougher as well . Thanks , Mike PS: I'm sorry but I forgot to address the sponsorship idea you had . If you still feel strongly about it send me an email and I'll run it through the channels .
Paula , Thanks for the email . I do have a question . I am talking with these folks because of your personal reference but how does this work with Project Summer . Although we don't talk about this , I have heard ( not first hand ) that there will not be an opportunity for people transfer because of the deal . I don't want to waste anyone's time if this is just an exercise What is the scoop ? Mike
Jeff , Attached is the first draft of the first organization announcement . Please add your changes , ideas and corrections and return to me . Once you have provide comments , I'll send to sally and Brent to make sure all of the that part is accurate . Also I have a call into Jere confirming the move on the Corp insurance piece . I didn't but in anything about Cindy Skinner , go ahead and add that as well . Please don't hesitate to make wording changes . I don't have any pride of authorship here . Thanks , mike
This year may be more fun . We are very thin and if our QB goes down or doesn't perform , it will be a long year . It will definitely be more fun however .
Dons loss was a shock to all of us and his family is in our prayers . He was a very nice man and his sudden death woke us all up about our priorities . mike
Sally , Below is a draft of the official organization announcement that will address Brent and his team . I was unable to get this out earlier and am ready upon your review . Please examine the Brent section and make sure that it is correct and stated properly . Please send your comments back ASAP and I'll get this out . Thanks , Mike draft After having conducted our first of several business reviews , we'd like to outline the following organizational changes effective immediately . The Global Risk Markets group under Jere Overdyke illustrates enormous opportunities given the size of those businesses . To better focus on the different commercial functions , and to capture market share and value , the group is being realigned . Jere will continue to manage Global Risk Markets , and build on our insurance capabilities . Mark Tawney is responsible for our weather business and will now report to the EGM Office of the Chairman . Still under consideration - The Enron Corporate Insurance group under Jim Bouillion will now report into the corporate organization under George Brent Price will be joining Enron Global Markets as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer . He will report to the EGM Office of the Chairman , and to Rick Causey , Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for Enron Corp . He will be responsible to Sally Beck for the business operations areas of the businesses . Reporting to Brent in his new position will be Sheila Glover , business controller for Financial Products; Todd Hall , business controller for weather; and Scott Earnest , business controller for global liquids and coal . In addition , Tom Myers as Director of Accounting . Brent and his team are responsible for all accounting and position reporting issues for all the businesses within EGM . Cindy Skinner will join the Enron Global Markets team with responsibility for Human Resources . She will also report to David Oxley and the HR organization . Please join us in congratulating everyone in their assignments .
I've never sent you an email . Did you get this ? Love , mike
Greg , I didn't realize you were doing that , that's great . I am sure they need your help , so few people are willing to give back to their old collegiate experiences . My thanks as a Sig Ep . I just changed jobs within Enron ( again ) and have had a wild and difficult morning and your email made me chuckle . I have done a few things at OU , and may be coming up in Sept . for a speech , and I'm not sure what pictures you are talking about . The business school took some pictures and so did the Energy Management Program ( the old PLM school ) but I have not seen them nor do i know what they did with any they took . If you are talking about a formal picture , I could provide one with my corporate bio if you need it for some reason . Thanks for the chuckle , mike PS: I have been called a lot of things including "that God damned McConnell" but that is as close as it gets .
George , Thanks for the email . Congrats on the getting non-binding bid , I think . When we get a chance , after Sempra closes , please set up a meeting with all of us and Frevert to discuss in detail . Also include Jeff Donahue . You are aware of my concerns and issues and we need to discuss them in great detail before we move forward with Pacificorp . Mike
Everett , congrats ! mike
John , Thanks for your outlines . Here are a couple of others that aren't kid related . The Choice is just 1 small piece but I love it . Actually , The Choice moved me so much , I sold my piece of the business ( Excel ) and returned to Enron - the rest is history . Enjoy , Mike PS - We are way to similar !
Greg , Thanks for the clarification . I guess I was too serious and in a business mode . By the way , I don't have any photos , all they would do is scare people , especially me . Mike
FYI , are you aware of this ? Were you planning to attend ?
Thor , Thanks for the email . The timing of it is amazing . We were talking about this yesterday late afternoon . Jeff and I will be in London next week to meet everyone and to get a full briefing of activities and everyone's views of their markets . Cathy Phillips , my assistant , booked us to go to Norway to meet you and hear about all the activities that are going on there . I hope you are in and can give us a full download on your business and obviously weather . We made arrangements to go on Thursday and stay Thursday night . We made these plans in advance of knowing your availability . Do you have dinner plans on Thursday evening ? We are scheduled to leave on Friday morning to return to Houston . Please send me a return email to confirm availability and Cathy will add to our schedules . I look forward to meeting you and learning about your successful business . Jeff and I will be available for your entire staff , if you would like us to talk about what is going on back in Houston . Thanks , mike
Pelt , We have made reservations for Fri . and Sat , I didn't make yours but i would move quickly . Would you like me to set up a tee time and massages for the girls ? I figured a 1 pm tee time ? Also what about tickets for the game itself . Will you have access as years gone by or does the search need to begin ? Mike
Gary , FYI and consideration , Billy Lemmons called me on this guy . It sounds like we should talk to him . mike
I sent this on to Gary and Jeff . He's worth talking to . mike
FYI , should we meet with this guy ? Have we done anything with them especially with EOL ?
Joe , Yes we are working on it . The executive PRC is in the way right now and we are confirming the dates . We'll be in contact .
Jonny , Cheers from London . Currently meeting all of my new employees . Off to Oslo tomorrow . we trade weather from Norway for the European continent . I love the fact that we trade weather ! Thanks for the update will set up golf and massages . Mike
Darren , thanks for the email update . I still like this deal . I hope that we can get back in some day .
Jeannie , Hello , I'm back this morning from overseas . I am assuming that you got what you needed but in case you are still waiting on a response , I like the article . If you still have time or want any additional comments . I would simply add a couple of products to the list of Enron Global Markets . The group is also responsible for Global Risk Management ( insurance products) , LNG trading , agriculture trading , and Interest rate trading . I just don't want to leave any groups out of the article if possible . Thanks and good luck and i certainly understand if I'm too late . mike
Guys , I received this today . FYI and follow-up if you're interested . Hope all is well . Mike
Cathy , before I forget , would you please make a tee time of approx . 1pm for 4 people at the golf course at the Four Seasons under my name ( friday) . Also if you would set up massages for Brenda Jones and Chris at about the same time or later . I would really appreciate it . All can be a little later but cant be any earlier . We need to begin golf by 2pm to finish . thanks ,
John , Jeff and I had many excellent meetings with your team and received a verygood run down of their businesses . We went out to dinner with the key players and I think they understand our new vision and they appeared to befired up . As a follow-up to those meetings and our QBR , Jeff and I wouldlike you to prepare a more definite business plan for the future . This willrepresent your way forward for the remainder of 2000 and then 2001 . We woulike some additional pieces to your previously thoughts as well . Listed below are a few of the issues that we would like you to address and includein your plan . Also listed below are key items that were included in your "wforward" pieces of the QBR . Once this is done , we will present it to Mark Frevert and then the other CEin the wholesale group so that everyone knows where we are going and what oplan is to change this part of our company . Your vision of the future Present historical total earnings from the group as a whole and by individugroups ( on 2 pages only) . Steps to grow your group to achieve our initialdiscussions of big earnings leaps . 2001 - $200 mm and how to become a realplayer in the business and get to a $500 mm business Timeline to accomplish your goals and vision Identify and address the leadership issues in your business . Identify notonly how you think it should be organized and the resources that will be required but also who else you need to get you there . SWOT analysis as a group and by each business Specific obstacles that need to be addressed to achieve your vision and goals Identify potential assets needed to accomplish the desired growth . Storagefacilities and control of information keeps coming up as a possible way togain a competitive advantage . Could we purchase and/or build key storagefacilities and use info . like we do in gas . Could we buy space in the keyareas around the world ? EOL; Although I realize many people in your group may have a different vieEOL is a way to gain ( or attempt to gain ) a competitive advantage in an area where we do not have it . Identify your plan and action steps to lever EOLand get people to really use it and put out many products and tight spreadsI also want to begin really monitoring the percentage deal flow for the traders and they need to realize that we are doing so . How do we do 1,000trades a day on EOL ? Resources - how do we attract top talent since we don't offer a piece of thbook ? What kind of packages would it take to attract that talent ? Could weattract younger talent and put with associates and analysts ? What compensation issues do we need to address ? Technology - Could we uses satellite photos to monitor ships to see if deliveries will be on time in low storage level areas ? Is there other technology out there that will help you ? Information Technology - identify specific needs with prioritization . IsProject Thunderball the answer ? Singapore - How do we make them real players and more effective in the market ? Do we have the right people and trading staff there ? Should we team up with FPL and let them trade resid on EOL ? Is this a way to jump back into the resid market ? Please present and take Jeff and I through your plan by Sept . 13th . Thanks and if you have any questions about the process and what we are looking for , please don't hesitate to discuss with both of us . Mike Listed below are some of the specific goals and ideas from your QBR . Goals ?  Become the #1 Global Products Trading Co both physically and financially by exploiting strengths in key products - Distillates - Gasoline & Components - Financial Crude ?  Expand and control E-Space - EOL Trading & Marketing Teams ?  Dominate ARB market - Establish strategic storage in key markets ?  Develop Research group to support trading ?  Capitalize on key acquisitions to strengthen and support trading activity The Way Forward ( Petchems/Plastics ) ?  Establish step change in the business through EOL ?  Strategic storage in Rotterdam , Singapore ?  Strategic investments and/or offtake agreements ?  Distribution market ?  Explore financing arrangements , acquisitions ?  Refine product portfolio - Refinery chemical streams ?  Penetrate spot market The Way Forward ( LPG,s ) ?  Begin trading S.E . Asian Market ?  Restructure or exit Cremona ?  Expand into Naptha Asia Pacific ?  Access to USA import/export ?  Offer all financial/physical products online The Way Forward ( Products ) ?  Develop/Expand Transatlantic gasoline business The Way Forward ( Crude ) ?  One new trader - Houston ?  Penetrate the physical market - Structured offtake/supply agreements as trading bases ?  Develop EOL Crude Team ?  Posting Plus ( P+ ) ?  Options - Increase counterparty base - Access to additional e-commerce platforms ?  Build Marketing & EOL teams within the book ?  Use origination to support commercial functions ?  Pricing - Tightest tradeable spreads ?  New Products - Spreads , Option , Other Commodities ?  New Counterparties - Key to liquidity & growth ?  Drive Platform to become the Hub - Physical partner - Synergistic Platforms ?  Houston Street , Brent Broker , Red Meteor , eNymex - Our own bricks & mortar - Shipping & operations Man Power Requirements - Two Aromatic traders - One analyst ?  Group ?  Total - min 30 people Man Power Requirements ?  Crude Oil - One International Trader - Two to three associate/analyst ?  Products - Two to four Resid traders - One to two Distillate traders - Two Naphtha traders - One Gasoline trader - Four to six associate/analyst
FYI , mike
Yes , I thought it went well also . We can find a way to get a long term commitment from EOTT , thus changing their organization , without taking on the price risk . On the hiring , I think that is a good idea . If it is put in a way that due to the extensive growth that we expect to have , you want to be in the hiring loop , I don't see how people can object . It is not a trust situation but an additional reference point . We are here to help . mike
Marty , I just read the email . Congrats , it sounds like a great opportunity , I like the structure . You'll do great and if there is anything that I can do to help , don't hesitate to contact me . mike
I just read the announcement . Congrats , I like the structure you guys put in place and I was happy to hear your announcement in particular . You'll do great . If there is anything I can ever do to help , please do not hesitate to contact me . Mike
Tom , Thanks for the email . I talk around the group and see if your background fits our needs . mike
I got this resume this afternoon . It sounds like a possible fit for what George was looking for . Do you know this guy ?
Understood , here's to hoping .
Apologies again , we do need to talk . Asia is critical to our growth and we do need to talk . My schedule is a mess but as i stated in last email , go ahead and call Jeff and discuss . LNG is ours and thanks for the input . We will be making big changes and growing without incumbency . Mike Brown does work for us but I dont really know what he does and would like your input . mike
Joe , Sorry for the big delay in all my responses . I'm out on vacation Wed - Wed . and can't make the video call . Please don't hesitate to set up with Shankman . In general he is very on board with a big effort in Asia and realizes my views on Asia and that we have issues in Singapore . Japan will be a real focus for Enron Global Markets . He could use an update . mike
Fred , Louise Kitchen was going to look into this . Please give her a call and get an update . Thanks , mike Enron North America Corp .
Please consider this as authorization for use of this room . Mike
Pup , Howdy . Back from the UK and Norway and am off for vacation to Boston and area for a wedding in Chris' family at lunch today . There will be 65 Flynns there . Hopefully it will be cooler . Update for Dallas . Golf - tee time for 4 ( I didn't know if anyone else would join us ) at 1:28 . Spa - Brenda and Chris both have 1 1/2 hours massages at 1:50 pm . If Brenda wants anything else she can call the Four Seasons but at least they both have a spot . I look forward to the weekend . This is the most prepared we will have ever been for the weekend . Mike
Ron , I'm back in the office today and was of course thinking about my car . Did we make the dates you referenced earlier ? I have a weekend in Oct . that will require a drive to Dallas to meet many of my old school friends and was wondering if I would have the car . Also , I have an extensive international travel schedule coming and I can schedule around a possible delivery date . Thanks , mike
Dan , Fred has not had much luck with getting attention with this . This sounds like it should be in your ( new ) group . Please give Fred a call , I think this sounds very interesting and is worth a follow-up . Mike
FYI
Wade , Thanks for the email . I would be an angle investor in your 24 hour a day extension machine . If anyone could do it , it would be Sanjay . I would very much like to meet with you . Jeff as well . I"ve got several openings that I Let me know what works . Mike
Thanks , good luck .
I'm there ! mike Office of the Chairman - Enron Industrial Markets
Julie , Thanks for the email . I have moved again within Enron . I am now President and CEO ( about 3 weeks ago ) for Enron Global Markets , a new business unit within Enron's wholesale group . This group is responsible for all Crude and Products , Coal , Emissions , Global Risk Mgt . ( insurance) , weather , LNG , F/X , interest rates , equities and agriculture . It's a wild time yet again for the McConnell family . It's nice to be back in the energy business . On the technology side , Phillipe Bibi is the Chief Technology Officer for Enron Net Works and he would be a good contact . His email address is Thanks and I'll pass on SMU news to Chris . Her email address at home is mmccontex@aol.com . Say hello to Bob . Mike
I think so , you saw the email i sent this morning regarding india . You must visit there so we need to have it atleast long enough for you to visit!!!!!!! !
Stuart , A quick second follow up . I talked again with Cindy Olson and she has discussed the issue in detail with the Astros organization . They are going to think about this and examine for next season . They did say that this was the first time this was brought up but they want to be sensitive and will consider at change . Thanks for bringing this to my attention . Mike
Virginia , A follow-up email to our earlier discussions . I have been out of the country . I was unable to pull up the images you sent to me and my home email address . I am interested in the Matisse and would like to see the image . On the Liechtenstein , I like the one you had and would be interestein talking if you could find another . Please let me know if you can find one . Also i would appreciate you sendinanother image of the matisse . Thanks , Mike
Can you please arrange for this message to be sent to all of Enron - Houston this evening . It should have Mike McConnell's letterhead and we would like an opportunity to preview the final message before it goes out . Please contact me at X-36898 if you have any questions . Thanks . Cathy Phillips It is my sincere honor to once again lead the Enron team in this year's Juvenile Diabetes Foundation ( JDF ) walk scheduled to take place on Sunday , November 5 , 2000 , at the Sam Houston Race Park . I continue to serve on the board of JDF representing Enron and will be Enron's corporate executive for this year's fundraising efforts . As many of you may already know , I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself . Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day , I cannot imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease . Taking insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it they would die . Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for JDF again this year . JDF is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84% of all money raised goes directly to research . Enron's goal this year is to raise $225,000 and we need your help . Enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5 years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place ! We need team leaders , walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal . The theme for the walk this year is "Knock Out Diabetes" and we would like to have you join us for this great event . The Walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 Enron people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it . If you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader , or if you would like to make a pledge , you may call any of the steering committee members listed below . If you are interested in being a team leader , please contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included in the first important and informative training session taking place this week . Thank you very much for your support . Mike McConnell Steering Committee Members: Cathy Phillips X36898 John Walt X35379 Debbie Yates X35305
Mark , The bigger issue is what are we going to do with EE&CC . If their time is coming and we need to split them up then I would agree with this but otherwise I am not sure this is the best thing to do . I have had very little actual work with EE&CC in the past year and can't really comment on their effectiveness . mike
Thor , I've been out and forgot to call you back . sorry for that . I'll take a look at the plan when it comes in and if there is some other information that Jeff or I want to see , we'll let you know . Thanks ,
FYI , I've had a meeting with oxley on this .
Ron , Thanks for the great news . Also thanks so much for the gifts that I just received . I wrote you a separate note on Friday , but I wanted to thank you again . The car is great and it arrived in a time of chaos and was a very pleasant distraction . I am gathering information on my BMW so that I can sell that to the dealership at the same time I pick up my new car . I will have all my lease information with me . I have a few months left on the lease and will have all the needed information to complete the transaction . If you would , please forward this to or let me know who I should deal with at the North side dealership . I don't want another Bob Brooks situation to occur . Also I don't want him dealing with the purchase of my BMW since I believe he is in that part of the dealership now . I expect a fair price for my car and with our history , I don't want him involved in pricing my car . I am confident that someone else will be better to deal with and will give me a fair deal with my cash purchase for the CL . I guess I just need a name at the dealership . Thanks , mike
Congrats to all . Jeff and I believe that EOL is a vital part of growing our businesses and your focus is appreciated . mike
Great , Enron North America Corp .
Great , I am very happy you are a supporter .
Thanks!!! ! That is a great start to the campaign , you're a pal . mike
Wanda , Thanks for your story and support . We will have great event again this year . Let me know if there is anything I can do with your business unit to help you . Mike
Thank you for your note and help ! I look forward to seeing you at the walk . mike
Vanessa , Thanks for the note . I'll check out the book but I don't think I'll stop my insulin ! mike
If he is waiting on me , please have him send it out .
CP , what do you think of this draft . Too close to last year ?
George , I would like to have a brief ( 30 minute ) meeting about the noise in the political system about synfuel and reaffirm Jordon's viewpoint on Section 29 credits . This is big issue and without this reaffirmation I believe we will have approval issues with RAC and others . I want Jeff and/or I in the meeting . Thanks , mike
Joe , Stan Horton has been invited to attend a series of meetings associated with INGAA in Tokyo . I believe that Stan is the Chairman of INGAA . There are some Tokyo companies that are a part of the organization . Bill Smith , CEO of Sonat ( now El Paso ) and will be talking about LNG and Japanese requirements and will be going to Tokyo . Stan has asked both Sherriff and me if this is worth his attendance . I thought you would be the best answer to that . I also told him that you could represent Enron very well in any meeting in Japan . Please call Stan at 713 853 6177 and discuss with him . He can fill you in better on the details . Your call . Thanks , mike
Thor , I'm out of town again and will calll you another time . I plan on bringing the plan on my Asia trip which begins on Sat . Both Jeff and I will read it then and provide comments . Thanks , mike
Robert , Attached is the draft review for Steve . Please review and make changes/corrections as you believe are necessary . I could use the help , this is a tough one . Please let me know your views on the tone and message as well . I will give him the actual review when i get back from Asia . Thanks , mike
John , I just realized that I didn't return your call on Friday . I ran out of the office on Friday after two difficult days and had Cathy collect all my stuff for my trip . Jeff and I landed in Singapore last night at 1am ( it is odd leaving for the airport on Sat . morning and arriving on Monday morning ) and are in the office for a while this afternoon . I'll give you a call a little bit later . If your call is urgent , please don't hesitate to give me a voicemail if our time zones don't match up . Thanks and sorry for the delay .
Jeff , I don't know if you got this . What do you think ? Interesting background and info for Net Works or our moving into the Chemical business . mike
Mark , Attached is the information you requested for your presentation to the analysts . I didn't know exactly what you were looking for , so I listed out a lengthy laundry list of facts and philosophies for each group for you to pick and choose what information and style that you wanted . I didn't attempt to put this in a final set of dot points . I realize that this is a lot more than what you wanted but I didn't know your other pieces or what was needed to be consistent with the other sections of the presentation . I hope this is what you were looking for and i apologize for the delay . If you want anything else or more specific types of other information , please let me know via email or preferably via voicemail in Houston . I'll be Singapore until Wed . evening when I arrive in Toyko . I am 13 hours ahead of Houston time . Thanks and have a good trip . Let me know if you want me to look at a draft copy . Mike PS; good luck with Eric "boy do i want to be in LNG" Gonzelas
Hello from Singapore . Thanks for the email . I am interested in the Lichtenstein . Is the #4 the same as the one you had in the gallery ? What is the price and what does the frame look like ? Do you have a picture or could you put it on your website ? I am still interested in the Matisse but Chris isn't so sure . We are still thinking about that one . Thanks , Mike
Thanks I know they are meeting but didn;t specifically know about LNG . I'll let you know lhow it comes out .
Cool , This is a big deal and a deal we should highlight as an example of our vision of the future . Congratulate the team .
Thanks , understood and good luck . mike
FYI , project Dragon . It looks like it is done . i replied that we understood and it was fine .
My passport number is: 132871136 . Cathy Phillips can answer any other questions . thanks , mike Enron North America Corp .
Rex , If i am no longer a section 16 officer , do i need to be removed from this list ? What is the status ? Thanks , mike
Mark , Ouch , that stings . Hopefully you are the only one that knows ! I know you can close the deal anyway ! Mike
Virginia , Thanks for the update . I will not have an opportunity to talk with you right now . I am in Tokyo and my next destination may change due to business events in the middle east . I am very interested in acquiring Blue note , however , I do want to know more about the price . I was close to locating one via a gallery via ebay for a lot less . Also , your price was $4,500 for the same piece framed . Is there room on the price if I give you a firm commitment . The ebay price is significantly discounted but they are not ready to close the deal yet either . If you can't get them down on the price , it is worth me chasing down the other option for a while . Please let me know via email and I will attempt to be responsive via odd time zones . Thanks , mike
Beverly , Wow ! Fantastic . Thanks for sharing your success and letter . mike
Don , Howdy from Tokyo . Thanks for the email . It was great hearing from you . I would be happy to talk with you in Dallas about your business . In the mean time , why don't you send me a new email ( without the personal stuff ) about your company and references to your website and i will forward it to the appropriate people within Enron with a note to insure that it gets the proper attention . Thanks and see you soon . Mike
Marty , Thanks so much for your email and support ! I apologize for the slow response but I am in Asia and have had some difficulties keeping up . You don't need to worry about the matching , I'll take care of it all . We are making this hassle free for the supporters . Thanks again so much . mike
Joe , I enjoyed it as well . We all have a lot to do and money to make ! I got a long voicemail back from K Lay on my message to him and he heard me on the ePower side . He also said that he had heard similar concerns as well . Rick Bergseiker ( LNG ) will be calling you . He left me a voicemail that he has been working with ePower quite a bit and has talked about 2 LNG facilities . i told him to work with you . Cheers , mike
Carol , Thanks for the email . Please send it to the office upon your receipt . On the coat , I don't have time to think about it now . Thanks for bringing it to my attention . mike
Rick , Obviously we want to control access to the LNG terminal . I don't really understand why it is so difficult if we go to 50% , its a negotiation item . Or at least a cheap retention option not to be given away for free . After your follow-up meetings , please let me know if we need to get more involved .
thanks , i like the letter .
Jay , Attached for your review and commentary is a copy of the draft review I prepared for Steve . I would appreciate your views and please make changes you feel are necessary and appropriate . It is set up for Thursday morning at 9 am . I could use your help . What do you think ? mike
Jeff , You're right . I missed it . Go ahead and send yours back with the Singapore operations and current trading operations exclusion and mention that I agree with your assessment also even though i said fine earlier) .
Doug , Sounds fun but I can't commit now . Please do not wait on me , go ahead and fill up the foursome .
Sally , Thanks for the email and update . I agree that we must do something quickly to resolve this . I believe that you should interview for summer interns as an extension to your upcoming planned recruiting trip . I know you were very happy with the summer interns from the energy management program at OU that you got last year (  I was surprised and the school was thrilled that you offered all 5 permanent positions upon graduation) . We cant lose that momentum . I am sure that each school's program is different and that most don't interview for summer interns this early in the year but from what I have learned about the OU schedule , we will lose all the top candidates if we wait . I am sure that is not what Charlene and Celeste were trying to accomplish with their guidelines . Please keep me up informed on this matter . Thanks and good luck with the students . mike Enron North America Corp .
FYI
fine , sorry for the delay .
Charlene , Thanks for the email . I have talked with Sally several times on this lastcouple of days and I understand that OU has a different recruiting schedulethen other schools . Enron is on campus for recruiting in the near future aI have asked Sally to tag on some interviews for summer interns while on that trip . I believe that she has been able to schedule this so I believe thatfrom an OU perspective it may be a mute point now . Doing that should be abto maintain the momentum that we have developed at OU and all the work Lexihas done . By the way , the recruiting trip a couple of weeks ago was verysuccessful . If you have any other questions or comments please let me know . mike
Gary , Thanks for the email . Here is my attempt to type out a response . I hope it helps . 1 . It was a matrix organization . The IT personnel reported into the Global Tech . group but we did that for communication and consistency purposes rather than simply control . They attended business unit staff meetings and the BU had a great influence in the review process and gave constant feedback . It was vitally important for the "customer" to be happy and that the IT person completed the projects from the BU . When it came to the review process itself , GT ranked all the employees and peers but the business unit had the greatest influence on where the person actually ranked and was rated . 2 . When Enron Net Works was formed , nothing really changed on the day to day working of the IT world . IT ( Global Technology ) was folded into the newly created 5th business unit at Enron . Remember Global Technology had more that IT alone . We had an eCommerce commercial group , a principal investments group and was developing eCommerce or Technology origination roles developing around the world . Philippe Bibi is the CTO for Enron and Enron Net Works . He is in the office of the chairman of ENW with Greg Whalley , CEO and Louise Kitchen , the newly appointed COO . Both LK and GW are non IT people . There are many VPs on the next level that are IT executives . 3 . In a nut shell , Scott grinned when I told him of my 2 weeks experience and title as CEO with Enron's goal of becoming the largest B2B player in the world . He chuckled and said something like , "That sounds like Enron , it always looks at things differently . He then stated that my CEO title and Enron's approach was very unusual but that it would be more common place soon , as this was the way of the future and Enron was the first to recognize it and change its culture" . 4 . When i used the word cannibalize , I meant that if we didn't change the business ourselves , than our competition would do this for us . For example , we were the leading trader of natural gas in the US by far but we initiated EnronOnline and completely changed the way we traded natural gas and did it for free . Thus we cannibalized our own successful business even when it was going great . We are looking at all of our businesses for changes like that . Gary , I hoped that helped . Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any other questions . Mike
i'm all for it . Please move forward . He is a great guy but don't forget he is happy in his current job and all of this must be carefully done for him and not to disrupt his current job . Let me know how it is progressing . Let's follow the book and proceed properly .
Thanks , it was great and long over due . The cold and rain didn't stop the ultimate enjoyment including 35,000 people chanting "over rated" . It was great and we must enjoy it until the Sat . when reality comes back to the sooners and we lose the next 2 or 3 straight . K State , Neb and Tex A&M . Ouch , nice 4 game stretch .
I like that schedule . the game was great ! The cold and rain couldn't effect my enjoyment . long over due . Reality comes back on Sat however .
Gary , There were two such events . On the Scott McNelly side , I realized that we weren't too late to change our approach and take a commercial view on technology . None of the other companies were thinking our new way at all plus when someone of the caliber and reputation of McNelly gives you a general approval and confirmation , as a new guy , that meant a lot . It inspired me to keep going on a "nontraditional" path . The other big impact moment was listening and having a brief conversation with John Chambers of Cisco . It was at the eCommerce Summit in Washington DC and he gave his , "its a matter of survival" speech . That really hit me and our conversation was also similar about my new job and Enron's new approach . He gave me a positive response and also gave me some advice that included an observation that the incumbent IT people may not have the abilities to help me lead Enron in the eCommerce world . It was going to take a different kind of technologist . That moment had the most impact on me of the two . I saw John again and spoke with him at an Economist conference in Laguna Nigel and told him of his original impact and I think he appreciated the story . He also was very nice to give me some time to talk after that speech as well . I hope that clarified things , good luck with the piece . Thanks , mike
Thor , A quick note . I don't believe I ever followed up with you on your weather business plan . I looked at it several times primarily in pieces while traveling overseas . I read it again today and wanted to give you some feedback . I thought it was excellent work and very well presented . Thank you for all your effort . I am in town this week , I canceled being out of the office an additional 3 days , and I will be spending time thinking about weather as well as some of our other businesses . I'll give you a call toward the end of the week to discuss some of the ideas you presented . Mike
Congrats!! ! I'll see if i can make a combination trip .
Thanks .
Rick , Attached for your information and input is a copy of a presentation I am putting together for EGM . I would appreciate your comments on the presentation but especially need your input on your section . The LNG page is on page 6 and needs some work . there is also a typo . On the graph , we need to find a way to illustrate our business graphically , what do you think ? I would appreciate a quick turnaround of your initial changes . After we complete this first draft , this will be a continuous work in progress . Thanks , Mike
George , Attached for your review and commentary is a copy of a first draft of a presentation that i am creating on EGM . This is for an upcoming analyst presentation and for our ongoing use . Please review and make any comments you feel are needed . Especially focus on coal which is on page 5 . Please take a quick look and return your initial comments quickly . I need to get out a new and better draft ASAP . Also , how do we illustrate your business graphically . Please decide , fill in and I'll have our graphics guy make it look pretty . Thanks , mike
Larry , here is the publication we discussed . If you have an interest , let this guy know . Thanks and welcome aboard . Wes Colwell is looking for an office . Right now there are 2 oppts he is looking at; 1 up here on 33 which is a problem , and 1 office on finance floor . Do you have a preference , if we have an option ?
liz , I can't believe it - although he will never show! . I would be happy to fill out a form when it comes out . Hope all is well .
Cool , nice job .
Good point on extra space . Please call Wes Colwell and discuss . I think that makes 33 less of an option .
Try John Paveto at 57038 or George Wasaff at 67351
Virginia , Thanks for the email . I apologize for the slow response . Life is crazy and I have been back on the road again . I am interested in purchasing "Blue Note" and I understand that the price is $4,500 framed as before . I am chasing down another piece , as i think i have stated before , but have not closed yet on it . It is significantly less but I have not closed the deal . I would like to own the piece . Do you think there is any room on the price from your seller ? I will commit to you but I can't leave a couple of thousand dollars on the table because of my impatience . That being said , i do want it and this one is found and ready to go . I will commit today to purchase the picture in this condition for $3,500 . you can tell the seller that I will commit with American Express immediately at that price . I don't know if that works for you or the seller . Please let me know what you think . I am in this week . Thanks and don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions . I am ready to make a decision . Mike
Ron , Hello . I am back in the country - I've been out for 2 weeks since I picked up the car . I am very happy with the car and your contact treated me very well . The transaction went smoothly and they worked with me to get the car before I went off to Asia . I wanted to thank you again for all your help and efforts . I have had many comments already and there is not doubt that this will lead to a new wave of Enron purchases of Mercedes . I am a Mercedes believer . Sincerely , Mike McConnell
Dan , Thanks for your donation . I appreciate your support .
Erin , here are a couple of responses . Please rewrite as you see fit . Mike 1 . Agriculture . We are currently looking at and studying the industry . We have traded some commodities as well . We believe that there may be large opportunities to apply the Enron model to the agriculture industry . We have spent quite a bit of time an effort and are currently developing our strategy . This is very early in development but we have high expectations in this area . I don't feel comfortable going into more detail at this time . Gary Hickerson is responsible Enron's ag business . 2 . Rail . We are looking at numerous opportunities in the rail and transportation businesses . I haven't seen a lot on the electricity piece of rail . It is an interesting concept and one that we will look at . Dan Reck is now responsible for looking at transportation opportunities in the US . Erin Rice@ENRON
Joe , we are both there . I am also going to Dubai and Jeff will go to Australia . I'll be in the night before and out the morning after . Hope all is well . Cathy is co-ordinating everything . Looking forward to it .
Gary , this is the guy we talked about . He is worth atleast a look . Ex Cargill . Please meet with him .
Please put on Jeff's and my calendar for 30 minutes .
Thanks , mike
Jim , I think it does . I am usually unable to attend so I would really like you to stick with this as our rep . Also we will talk about the best uses of your time after this weeks budget meetings . I'll give you a call . Thanks , Mike
Doug , Last week , you referenced that there are a lot of deals that come up during the day for various regions and companies around Enron that your group doesn't get any monetary recognition for but that they need to be done or are provided as a service to save money . By the way , saving money is real money to Enron . Would you please provide me with some examples of that so I can put it in context ? Thanks , Mike
Virginia , Thanks for the email . Go ahead and send it unframed . I don't remember what the frame looked like so it will probably be easier to send without . For my later reference , how much do you charge for framing ? Mike
As discussed .
Gary , I turned 40 in March . Thanks , MIke
Greg , I need to talk with you about your EBS/fiber project . Please give me a call in the morning . I'll be in first thing in the morning . I don't have your telephone number . You are listed on a Houston number . Mike
Dana , Thanks for the call and email . I will look at your resume and get back to you .  Mike
Cool !
I thought you would enjoy this . PS bring the magic dollar to lunch !
Bob , I don't want to wait for Mike , please set up the meeting without him . He can join us by phone if needed . Thanks ,
Guys , Attached below is a presentation that I put together for M Frevert for the latest analyst presentation . We kept it to only a few businesses - they didn't end up using any of it . I do however want to have an EGM presentation that everyone can use . Please prepare a section on each of your businesses and return via email or hard copy . Don't worry about power point , simply the dot points that you want on the page . Thanks , mike
John , We're getting old . mike
Jeff , I like the memo and I'll keep my ears open for feedback . Your presence is needed more than I thought . My gut told me that they really needed your help but its more than that . Taking contol of that P&L is the highest return of your time and talent for EGM and for Enron , atleast for this quarter . They will learn or they will be out . mike
Jeff , Let me know what you think of this guy . Wade Cline and Tim Det . are both high on him . Jeff Donahue is not so sure but will meet with him on Friday . During my lunch with Jeff , we discussed that we need a Corp . Dev guy dedicated to us full time but if he reported to him , that would be great . I think we could use that co-ordination with his group as long as we didn't get a part time guy in the process . He could also report to us obviously ( like Larry ) but i think in this case a dual role makes a lot of sense . What do you think ? If you like Don , he could be an immediate candidate to start doing our Corp Dev work , but that is of course not the best reason . I thought he was all right and he did have a good understanding of our products and is an innovative thinker . He has also worked as a trader and although it doesn't seem possible by his personality , having some background is a plus . Mike
Jeff , Sorry for the slow response . I don't have a strong opinion either way . I am fine with the combo idea . In the future , please let me know if something has a short fuse . I am still slower on email but I do respond very quickly to voicemail . I am almost caught up on back log emails but this will probably never by my first and best way to communcate . Thanks , Mike
Cool ! Thanks for sharing that with me . See you at the walk . mike
Gary , 1 . Correct 2 . Global tech drove and directed the PRC ( performance review committee ) for all of it's employees . Enron ranks all of it's employees 2 times a year . The employees are examined and given feedback on their performance . It is a very lengthy process but it is very fair and insures and identifies excellent performance . The criteria for the rankings comes from a person's accomplishments , characteristics and customer feedback from numerous sources . It is all on computer and when we discuss a persons performance and ranking , that feedback ( primarily from the business unit ) is a key driver . Plus , there are business unit reps on the PRC . 3 . I guess the way i would describe it would be that on every major expenditure and project , the commercial people involved helped drive the process as well as our group looking at it the same way . An example would be that traditionally any IT group or technologist is in love this the latest and greatest technology . and could look at embedding a new system in the company because it is the latest technology and is very cool . I would ask what commercial function does it perform and how does it give us a competitive advantage . It was a very customer driven ( internal and external customers ) process . It was also a mind set and paradigm shift internally within the group because they started looking at themselves adding to the bottom line rather than simply a cost center . I hope that helps . Sincerely , Mike
Bob , Thank you very much for supporting our effort . mike
Cool . Thanks for sharing that with me .
Jay , thanks for the donation and commitment . the check should be made out to JDF . We'll do all the matching . Hope all is well . mike
I didn't call rick . did you ? What do you think ?
Rick , I am scheduled to be out on vacation but I think you should have the meeting if it still fits peoples schedules . I am doubtful but will look at later .
Jeff , what do you think of this guy's background ? Do you know him ?
Angela , by the way I was not CEO of ENW I was Vice Chairman and COO . Whalley was and is CEO . Please correct if possible .
Good idea .
I would like to thank you for your very nice nomination . As flattered as I am , I believe that our current Chief Technology Officer , Philippe Bibi , is more appropriate as a nominee from Enron . I am very proud of our accomplishments when I was responsible as CEO for Enron's Global Technology group but my tenor was only about a year . In August I was asked to take on another assignment as CEO of Enron Global Markets . Although this was an even more challenging position I will say that it was a tough decision to leave the technology world . Philippe Bibi has driven our technology group for many years and deserves a great deal of the credit for Enron's recognized technology advantage and innovation . He has been in the tech business for about 17 years . Sincerely , Mike S . McConnell
jim , i don't really have an opinion but i certainly won't get in your way on the approval . mike
Happy Halloween guys ! I am sorry I am not there , I really wanted to see a beautiful butterfly and a Harry Potter . Please make sure that you have Mommy take a lot of pictures ! I love you , Daddy ( the King )
Howdy from Tokyo . Please add this to my calendar and send a fax with all of my new commitments and parties to chris via home fax . thanks ,
Dana , Hello from Tokyo . I sent you a reply and forwarded your resume to our HR group . I don't know if you got my reply the day I received your resume . I have had a lot of people tell me that they didn't get a response from me about the same time as you contacted me . My sent mail doesn't list you as a completed return email . I hope all is well . Mike
What about David Turlip ? Also are there some other general announcements and or clarifications that you want to address ? eg mid marketing , other new efforts or goals for the upcoming year .
Gene , thanks for the follow up . I am definitely interested in talking with him . Please set up and co-ordinate with Cathy Phillips @ 36898 . Also need him to talk with Jeff Shankman . Thanks , Mike Enron North America Corp .
Please send on and co-ordinate a 30 minute meeting with Jeff McMahon and Ray Bowen for discussion . They might be able to use him as well . Thanks ,
Guys , what do you think ? Any ideas or interest ?
FYI
Jim , I just wanted to thank you for participating in the walk . It means a lot to me . Thanks for your support . See you out there . Mike
Another one . Any ideas ? Coal in Asia ?
Cindy , I have a friend that is a principal in a company called Nexstar . The company is on a roll and offers an interesting product . I have attached his email and basic presentation but I thought it was interesting enough to bring it up to you . Also he is a friend and I don't want to ignore him . Do we do anything like this with our employees ? I would really appreciate some feedback on this . Unless you think it is a total waist of time , I would appreciate you and some other appropriate members of your HR team to attend 1 intro . meeting to listen to their pitch . I would of course attend as well if you like . They have an impressive customer list already . Let me know what you think and I'll help co-ordinate the meeting . Thanks , Mike
please co-ordinate and make sure that Lea has your email address for distribution . thanks ,
Rick , While in Tokyo , Sanjay grabbed Jeff and me regarding redoing and re-looking at the existing LNG fuel deals for Dabhol . The bottom line is that he believes that the government may have issues on actually performing post phase 2 and if we could redo the LNG contracts and allow more flexibility we could help them , thus help ourselves . We need to look into this and I would like your initial opinion . This is complex to say the least and it would involve using the ship differently than scheduled and diverting some of the Oman LNG to other markets with their approval . He believes that there is some flexibility in the shipping and Oman contracts to address these issues . If it works we could create a long physical condition and an extra ship for transport . Is there an opportunity here if all the cards fall into place ? Lets discuss when I am in Dubai . Sanjay is not going to let it go so you need to think about who can look into this further . Mike
Thanks for the update .
FYI .
Cindy , I don't think we have a fit here but would you please follow-up and let him know that we looked around and couldn't find anything . Also please forward to other groups as well . Thanks , mike
Hi , I noticed that there are several people missing from my personal address list . Would you please check to make sure it is up to date and add missing directs . L Lawyer , J Nowlan , B Price , add T Meyers , R McDonald . There may be more . Thanks ,
David , Any update from your last email a couple of weeks ago ? Thanks , Mike
How about my emails !
All , I haven't heard back . Please respond to the email . Let me know if you didn't receive it . Thanks , mike
Louise , I was clearing some old emails . What ever happened with this guy ? Did you hire him or blow him off ? Thanks , Mike
John , What exactly are we trading here and how do you think it is going ? mike
Brent , I would like this to become formal policy within EGM as well . I know that it exists and is around but no one is familiar with this or exactly how it works . We have made strides with credibility with RAC regarding coal and we are doing a better job of seeing deals in general but I would like to put out a policy like this for us . Please take a look at this and draft a memo that can be sent out addressing the approval procedures and the guidelines and limits around them . Thanks , mike
Christine , I so rarely write love notes . 17 years ago it was common place , even a daily event . What happened to that guy ? I could have been a cartoonist in another life . I am here at 35,000 feet 2,000 miles from Bankock Thailand , flying by China , soon to be over the Philippines and pondering our lives . You said something very interesting to me on the phone as I was getting on the bus to the airport . You said that you would love to have 6 hours on the airplane by yourself . I can certainly understand that . I seem to have a l lot of that on this trip . I am sitting here on the plane , a little tipsy after a couple glasses of wine , and my mind turns to you and the kids . I wish I could be there now to see the kids all dressed up in their costumes ready to go out trick or treating . I bet they look great . As i sit here and feel a little sorry for myself then i come back to reality and realize just how lucky we really are . I turned to Ken Rice at the ceremony yesterday and said , "What is an Okie and a boy from Nebraska doing at a Japanese barrel ceremony with Thomas Foley , former Speaker of the House , breaking a barrel of saki in front of 300 Japanese executives and TV . The Prime Minister of Japan didn't show up and actually it is expected that he is out of a job on a no confidence vote last night . ( Really bad luck for Enron here ) I would have liked to have met him . Actually , the ceremony was neat and I imagine that they will have some funny pictures from it . You should see me in a Happy coat . I'll explain when i get home . Can you imagine sitting in our home , right after Michael was born and even imagining what are lives are like today ? We are so blessed . Even more than that , I am so blessed to have you . I was writing in my journal on the trip over , you know my journal - that project that I have dedicated a big part of my life to and that you have never read , reflecting on our lives and wondering why God let me find you so many years ago . I must have been a priest in a former life . Anyway , I just wanted to say I love you and there aren't any phones on this airplane . Thai Airlines , go figure . So I am calling you via email . Although I am not sure when I will get the opportunity to actually send this over the internet . I love you and miss you very much . Eternally , Michael See you soon and in time for soccer .
Cool !
Sorry I am not aware of anyone in particular . Good luck , I believe that there are huge opportunities for you out there . Mike
Joe , I think the entire event was outstanding . I also enjoyed it but my hand still hurts ! Ken went through it today at the executive committee and he talked about the incredible potential and the job you were doing . Congratulations again , mike PS Weekly calls are a favorite of mine as you know .
please do .
John , FYI and consideration .
Eric , I was examining EGM's businesses for 2001 and I wanted to ask you a question about your specific business . As you examine your goals and objectives , I would like to know what you think I could do to help you accomplish your plan . Please send me a return email with 3 specific items that I could do personally to add to your business . Thanks , Mike
For your further handling . I don't know what this is .
Greg , a quick note , although a little unclear , all of your businesses remain in EGM and are not going to go to R McDonald's new group . Please inform your group . Thanks , Mike
Wow . I didn't know . Glad to have you back .
Ahmad , Thank you for the email . I enjoyed our visit very much . I wanted to thank you for taking the time especially during your weekend to spend time away from your family . I learned a lot during the trip and I believe in the Dolphin project . I also liked many other of the project Rick's team has put together in the Middle East . I promised you some of the speeches that I have delivered and attached below are 3 different ones that illustrate Enron's view of the future . Thanks again . Mike
John , Thanks for the email . I enjoyed my visit to the middle east and our discussion . I really appreciate your insight . I am very committed to the project and many of the other opportunities that Rick's team has put together . I'll see you in the new year . Sincerely , Mike
Mac , I sent it directly to Ahmed via email .
Guys , FYI , below is a copy of our final budget numbers for 2001 . mike
John , Below is a copy of our final budget for 2001 . I thought you would like a copy . mike
FYI
fine and thanks .
CP , I am forwarding to you to establish the contact . Yes Fortune , no wired , yes WSJ . thanks ,
John , I talked with Janet last week and then I was out sick . I left her a voicemail before lunch and am waiting on her reply .
Gary , I never received your 1 page description of your business to include into the EGM presentation . Please draft and send me an email with your description of your businesses . Attached below is the first draft of the overall presentation to use as a guide . Thanks , mike
Steve , FYI and further handling . This is the guy from infrastructure world . He just called me on it as well . Please respond . Thanks ,
Please followup and send her a copy . I am not sure which one she is referring to however .
John , I previously asked you to quantify the global size of your business ( in Billions ) and you sent me a voice mail on it . I have misplaced that note and don't remember the global size for the presentation . Please re-provide as a return email . Sorry for the inconvenience . Mike
Cindy , Thanks for the email . I 'll be glad to set it up and attend . Who else would you like there so that i can co-ordinate ?
Yes , thanks .
Sanjay , thanks . mike FYI
As mentioned in my previous message , another one of the presentations that I attempted to send to you earlier is attached below . As mentioned in my previous message , the attached file is the last presentation of the three that I attempted to send to you previously . If you have any problems opening the file , please notify me and we will send you the hard copies immediately . Thank you . Please read the following message from Kathie Grabstald and Michelle Vitrella in Public Relations . The Weekly Electronic Newsletter is a project that Mark Frevert requested and it is important that Enron Global Markets be responsive when we are asked for information from our business units . Please pass along to Kathie and Michelle the name of a contact person in your group that will be responsible for providing updates for the weekly newsletter . Kathie has assured me that the person providing the information is not required to do the actual writing , but provide bullet points which she will then prepare in paragraph form . Michelle will send a reminder message to the contact person when the updates are needed . Thank you for your assistance with this project . ---------------------- Forwarded on 11/13/2000 01:29 PM Enron North America Corp .
The following message that was originally sent with three attachments was returned as undeliverable . I am sending the message again with only one attachment and then will follow-up by sending the remaining two presentations under separate messages due to the size of each of the files . Sorry for the delay .
Mark , thanks for the infromation but I do want the Chief Executive Officers name . thanks , mike
PB , FYI and follow-up . If you are interested or if anything comes of this , please let me know . Thanks , Mike
CP , please add to my calendar . I'll take home a copy for chris .
They have proven that they are great at governing and at having great vision . . .....not .
CP , Howdy from my hotel room . I decided not to play golf , big surprise . I'm resting and working . Looked at my email lately ? On a more serious note , would you please have Jason burn a disc of the most recent version of EGM . I will need to have a computer to play it and how to work it for the off-site on Monday . Thanks , mike
For your further handling . m
FYI and further handling .
Lisa , Thanks for the email and invitation . I am out and will be unable to attend . Thanks , mike
Jeff , FYI , good summary email . As we get bids for Project Jose , we should keep him informed but move forward with getting the competitive bids . mike
CP , please followup on the 2 email failure messages and delete .
Jim , Thank you so much for all your help on this matter . I know how difficult your job is day to day without items like this popping up . I spoke with Carol Randall and Cindy Levi , the principal of the school , and they are so appreciative it is hard to describe it . The school constantly talks about Enron and hundreds of children are using the donated computers and now printers . Thanks again and have a good holiday . Sincerely , Mike McConnell
Mark , FYI , here is the latest update on our Q4 . We are making headway and the list shows how we intend to make up the short fall . As I stated on my voicemail yesterday , upon our return from the holiday , I will be even more proactively managing the Q4 P&L . Have a great holiday . mike
Billy , great idea , if you have a list i would really like to send them an email . Thanks , mike PS good luck with the game on friday .
William , I am very interested in both the Signac and Cross . A few questions about the pieces . You referenced Meier Graefe for "Pan" for both pieces . I don't know what that means could you please clarify ? Also I don't understand the reference to an Album . Is the Signac numbered ? Are either signed on the stone ? Thanks , mike
Karen , yes i like the "sauces" reference . I sound like an idiot . I can understand his mistake but i thought i discussed what it meant . Skilling will love that reference . mike
Pelt , Howdy from Houston . I hope you had a great Thanksgiving . I took the week off and it was what i needed . I have been working at a hectic pace and was on my annual sick rotation , although a little earlier than normal . I needed the break . My international traveling is over for the year , thank God . Chris and i were talking about life and vacations and spring break came up . I thought i would send you our information and see if our breaks co-ordinated and to see if we still wanted to try and get together to go skiing . We didn't know if you made other plans or moved on since our last discussion a while ago . Our spring break is March 12-16th .  Please let give an update via email when you get a chance . I figured that you are in Telluride right now on holiday . Give my love to all . Mike PS - How about those Sooners ! OU/TX wasn't a fluke . Hard to believe , we'll see what will happen with K State and bowls . No matter , its been a fun year . It is nice to be back .
Howdy , Kansas City will be great . Thanks for the invite but I can't go . I pray that the Nebr . Sooners show up , not the Sooners of the last 3 weeks . We really look awful . Early peak ? That's great news for spring break . Let me talk to the boss and let her know that is still and option and see if it still works . Thanks , Mike Go Sooners . Shame about Hipel , he has thrown away his Heisman over the last couple of weeks . Do you agree ?
Assistants - Please remove this brief note and then forward this message frMike McConnell to everyone in your group today . Thank you . Effective December 15 , 2000 Enron Global Markets US employees will begin using XMS ( Expense Management System ) to process employee expense reimbursements . XMS is a web based employee expense reimbursement system which will providethe following benefits;
Jeff , here is the 2001 plan . Sorry , I did send it to Dave D . ,  John S . and you but I must have blown your address somehow . Dave and John got theirs . Mike
Rebecca , Attached , for your information , is a copy of EGM's 2001 plan . I don't remember if i sent you a copy earlier . mike
Thanks for the article . I love to read things like this . mike
What do you think ? Is this worth my or someone else's time ?
John , I'm in . She was outstanding . If you don't want her , I'll take her ! I have a PRC conflict during the next execom meeting . If i'm not there please feel free to pass on my strong support . Cheers , Mike
I glanced at it and it appears fine from my perspective . Others should make the determination on its effects in the Spanish and European markets . mike mcconnell
approved
Unknown to me . m
Thanks .
Thor , Very creative and i bet everyone had fun . We need to try it over here . I bet it would go over here as well . Thanks for sharing the story . mike
Thanks for the email and kind words . I did recover over thanksgiving and it was nice but I am sick once again and cant' sleep . I am catchin up on this emai at 2:15 wednesday night . I will try and go back to bed after this email . Let me know how the contract goes , i don't see any issues . I actually thought it got done and that is why i havent heard anything . Sooners have looked ugly lately , Saturday will not be a good day for the Sooners . Mike
John , You caught me . I've been hit again with the bug , the 3rd time in November , and the combination of drugs has me wide awake . I did promise Chris that I wouldn't run off to the office when this occurs but she didn't tell me I couldn't do a lot of emails from home ! - there is always a catch ! Actually I'm back to bed to try again after this one . Hope all is well in merry old England . Cheers , Mike
I couldn't sleep so ive been doing emails , its looking a little better . And I didn't get up in the middle of the night and come into the office . I think I'll try again and can still get a few hours sleep . I will be in a little later than I expected , I must drop young Michael off to school and cant leave there until 8 . See you in the morning . Sleepy
Jeff , I can't sleep and have been cleaning out emails . Not my favorite past time at 2:30am . I didn't see the draft reorg memo we've been talking about for a while . Please send it to me for my review . I think it is important to get something out and i believe that people expect some changes Thanks , m .
Elise , Thanks for the email . In August i changed jobs and am now the CEO for Enron Global Markets . I am no longer in the technology sector ( although I enjoyed it very much and it was a difficult decision to leave) . Please remove me from your email list for further HTC events . Thanks and good luck , mike
Chris , thanks for the email . I don't have a need . Thanks for letting us know . mike
Jeff , attached is an expanded 1st draft of the memo . I would like to keep this expanded format to show the progress that we have made in the group . Please make any changes and send back for the next round . After we both look at it 1 more time , we will circulate to the heads of the group for commentary . I would like to have them feel part of the memo . Mike
Jonny , Howdy , I bet you had a great time at the game . I did watch it and it never felt good and I am still amazed at the outcome . Did it feel different actually being there ? Are you going Miami ? Mark and I may be in . What about you ? I figured for sure that you are already making plans . Also , do you think it will be impossible to get tickets ? We are in for spring break . We will not be able to be there the entire week and we are looking at the exact dates and my schedule - but count us in . If you get a chance why don't you give me a call and we can catch up . Mike PS - Enron stock was down $15/share , ouch . No partiuclar reason mainlly huge sector movement .
RAC came by and brought up a couple of concerns . 1- the Var on this deal is over $120m ( more than all of ENE combined); they wanted to make me aware of the size , and they know we are working on it . and 2 - EE&CC; they were concerned about them doing the deal and their abilities and effects on MTM treatment . I told them that they can bid on it but we want others to bid and that we probably won't use them . They stated that the deal guys are acting like EE&CC is a done deal . Lets discuss . Thanks , mike
You've got to have faith .
Brent , I would like to illustrate the growth of our commodities to show why this a great business unit and why this is a big focus for wholesale . Also we will use all of this for the Jan analyst meeting . Please compile some facts on each business by 1 . number of transactions 2 . revenues 3 . on line growth of each 4 . size of each commodity; e.g.: number of barrels traded , tons of coal , tons of freight , etc . 5 . other metrics that you think will illustrate the point Go back as many years as you can get data . Thanks , mike Go ahead and send me preliminary copies of the figures as it is being compiled .
thanks Interesting guy to look at .
Cliff , Thanks for lunch . I always really enjoy getting together and talking about life and our businesses . Attached are the two presentations we discussed . A little airplane ( or boat , sorry , ship ) reading . I would appreciate any feedback . I'll be making significant changes as I get ready for the analyst meetings . Thanks , Mike
Don , Howdy , Yes I am going to Miami . How could i not go ! I still cant believe it actually . Sorry I 've dropped the ball on setting up a meeting with your company . I did talk with Cindy Olson , HR - EVP and she would like to meet . I just forgot after our last exchange . Please send me back and email with your telephone number and I'll have Cathy Phillips my assistant set up a meeting . Thanks ,
CP , Please call and set up a meeting time for 1 hour in Houston with Cindy Olson . Don will also bring others . Please set up . Thanks ,
Pup , Mark and I are confirmed with flights . Chris is not coming . Where are you staying , any good hotel ideas . Mark had a room for 1 night by the stadium but now i think we will fly in on Tues early afternoon and mess around Miami and therefor may want to stay closer to the city . Any thoughts ? When are you guys flying in ? mike
George , thanks for the email and update . We do want an update on a daily basis but don't want you to spend time typing everything up . I think VMs are faster . thanks ,
Jeff , Sorry , I can't participate on Saturday . I have serious commitments that I can't break specifically on Saturday . I know that we are short people and I do take this process very seriously . Mike Enron North America Corp .
Ken and Kevin , Attached , for your information , is a copy of a general presentation that I prepared to illustrate and describe EGM's businesses . This is a presentation that will become a "living" document to communicate our businesses and growth . I will be making numerous changes as we move closer to the analyst meeting in January but I wanted to give everyone a copy of this version . With all of your history on these businesses , I thought you might be interested in our approach and description . Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions or comments . Mike
Cliff , Here is a revised version with typos corrected .
Joe , I have been reading about ePower and potentially building sites . I know you are clarifying it's activities but until then , I have instructed my guys to respond to ePower when they call and to discuss events ( e.g.: possible LNG re-gas plans for ePower ) but to make sure and discuss all activities with you as well . Let me know if you want something different or want me to email other instructions . Thanks , Mike
I double clicked 1 person away on my personal mailing list . I noticed it right after it was sent . Thanks . m
May help on hotel rooms
John , thanks for the comments . Absolutely on the trader comment , I forgot . I like the ag business and we are looking at several oppts and making a final determination in Q1 . I also think "softs" is a big oppt that is probably worth pursuing . More later . I like the weather idea as well . On another note , I met this guy when I spoke at the AA Energy symposium . He runs a power business ( i think ) in Portugal . He has attempted to talk to someone at Enron in Europe but hasn't heard back . He has given me his email address and requested a contact . Would you please make sure that someone follows up with him . Thanks , Mike
Paul , Thanks . I am making changes and taking out the word "trading" wherever possible and I will send you a revised copy when it is ready . Mike
Thanks , m
Thanks . Not impressive . mike
Eric , is this still a problem or did you get what you needed ?
FYI .
Rachael , I left him a couple of voicemails with feedback including answering some of his questions on Joe . mike
Yes , CP , please include .
All , Here is the latest draft . Please make any changes you want and return . Paper mark up is best . Also please leave as a separate word document if you do it via email for ease of changing and converting to email late afternoon . Cathy , please review for your normal grammar and corrections . I realize that this is a draft but it will help to have your changes early even though we will be making additional changes in the afternoon . Larry , I would like your feedback and commentary as well . Thanks , mike
Jeff , Below is an email from John . Please let me know how to respond . I know yoguys talked about this . Thor was in the loop here wasn't he ? I know we toout the Thor reporting piece but in reality they do report up through him . How many people do we expect in London ? John and I did talk about this and I didn't really think of it lately . Mike
What do you think ? He came very highly recommended from Amanda via voicemail .
more from amanda
Jimmie , Thanks for the email . Sorry for the slow response , vacation . I am out that day but i really appreciate the invite . Happy holidays .
David , Thanks for the nice note . I hope you and your family are having a great holiday season . Please don't hesitate to call me if you come in for a meeting , it would be great to see you again . Sincerely , mike
Brent , Excellent update . I would like to see the breakdown by pieces for a potential write-down especially volume difference only and look at a 1 year adjustment to begin . Thanks , Mike
All , I am developing the presentation for the upcoming January analyst meeting . EGM will be featured . The presentation is being compiled , and everyone has provided input on the overall EGM presentation , but i am also developing my speaking and emphasis points . With that in mind , please send me a return email with a few dot points that you want me to be sure an emphasize regarding your business . I have given a few specific areas below but if you have any other general items please don't hesitate to add them . Key customer benefits Enron competitive advantages Key growth areas Deal example(s ) Thanks , Mike
John , I hope you and Lorraine are having a great holiday season . Sorry for the slow reply but I tried to only work on critical items over mholiday . Yes , this is only a marketing desk and it really only includes 1person , Ross , who doesn't want to move to Oslo . I didn't think it was a bthing and that is why I didn't get back with you . It wasn't a big part ofthe memo and i didn't focus a lot on it . I would expect him to co-ordinatedaily with Thor . I believe he works for Thor but we didn't address it inthe discussion or memo . I'll watch it and see if it becomes an issue . I dknow that Mark and Thor have talked about it and I believe Thor likes Rossand is OK with his function in London . We are not attempting to recreate the wheel in London or around Thor . See you when you come to town . Mike
My January is very bad , how about early Feb ? Mike
FYI
Pup , Hope your holiday is going great . Talked with your office and got your Telluride number but you guys must be out playing . OU game is coming quickly . Chris is not going down , Mark and I only , and we are arriving to Miami on Tuesday afternoon and staying at the Hyatt . We are out on Thursday afternoon . Golf on Wednesday afternoon at Doral . It should make for a fun trip . When are you guys going down and where are you staying ? We need to set up a time to get together and to get the tickets . Have you heard anything on Hieple ( bad spelling ) arm ? If he is healthy I would take the points ! We have made reservations for Continental for spring break but need to make sure that the timing is fine before we confirm . We plan to fly out on Tuesday and return on Saturday . I have a scheduling problem to get there any earlier . Give me a call if it is convenient , ( 713 ) 853-1450 . I've got a very light schedule on Friday , or you can email , whichever is easier . See you in a couple of days ! Love to all , Mike Go ENE stock , we back to 85 !
cool . Thanks , I had not seen it . Happy New year .
Greg , thanks a lot for your help . This is a great surprise . mike
Pelt , we are at the Hyatt - Coral Gables: 305 - 441-1234 Mike
All , I came back from the big dance last night . It was a real privilege to be there . I've been to 15 OU/TX games and the energy , excitement and overall electricity in the orange bowl beat them all put together . It was wild and a moment that I will never forget . Bob Stoops for president ! He is the king . The best was at the end of the game ( and everyone stayed around celebrating until about 1:30 am ) when they said , "there was the Wilkenson era , there was the Switzer era and welcome to the Stoops era . Oklahoma is back" . Boomer Sooner , Mike
Thanks for the email . The game was great and my throat still hurts . I've never been to a better event or had as much fun . I'll be calling Roberts . mike
Jonny , Wow what a week . I still can't believe it . I will have the video in mail overnight on Monday . Sorry for the delay . Let me know if you got another copy and don't need it . Thanks again for the tickets and for driving . It was fun being with Trey . I hope B is feeling better and that you had a great time celebrating Madeline's birthday . I can't believe you have a teenager . We are getting old . I was showing my ticket off this morning to everyone and someone mentioned the price of the ticket . $175 ! I didn't realize that when you gave it to me . I really don't want your dad picking that up for the two of us . I didn't mind his hospitality at $50 bucks but i simply didn't realize they were that much - I 've never been to the big dance before . If your dad wasn't comped the tickets from OU , Mark and I would like to reimburse him . Please let me know the situation . Cheers and Boomer Sooner , mike
Mary , I would be happy to talk with anyone about this . The story did have some mistakes . Tom was correct in his statements . By the way , I never saw the draft before it ran . I think I would have caught the errors . If I saw it before the printing , I must have simply said ok without reading it but neither Cathy nor i remember an email on it . Mike
Allison , Thank you very much for the email and request . As much as i an very proud of our accomplishments while being responsible for Global Technology , I am still of the opinion that Philippe Bibi is the best and most qualified candidate from Enron . Enron has changed its culture and business around technology and EnronOnline alone changed the way our business operates . EOL ended the year over with over $330 billion in transactions . EOL was only 1 part of our transformation however . Thanks again and good luck with your award . Sincerely , Mike McConnell
Greg , Mark and I would like to thank you again for your efforts to get us on at Doral . We had a great time and got a chance to meet Tom . He was a gracious host and please pass on another thank you for us . Mike McConnell
Yes , even better then that !
Thanks for your hospitality . We had a great time . Sooners rule ! It was unbelievable being at the game . mike
Cindy , I have addressed this previously with Jeff and Louise Kitchen . We have no interest . Please co-ordinate with Robert and make sure that someone sends him a nice rejection letter . Thanks , Mike
Cathy , Starting next week I want to join in . please put on my calendar . thanks , m
Cool . Tape is on the way via Fed ex . See you in a couple of months and we are on for the tour championship .
Allison , Philippe can be contacted via email at philippe.a.bibi@enron.com or by phone Thanks and good luck . mike
Christie , a couple of comments on the 3rd paragraph on page 11 . It is up to you to decide if it is worth correcting . I didn't know if you had a chance to make the writing better or simply correct mistakes . 1 . Page 11: I was president of Houston Pipe Line and Louisiana Resources Company . The term , "Enron pipeline subsidiary" isn't real or correct . You could also restate with , head of Enron's non-regulated pipelines , head of two pipelines , head of an Enron pipeline subsidiary ; something like that . 2 . Page 11: On the 5th sentence , it is mixing a couple of thoughts . I would like to add something like , ( after officer, ) and establishing a unified vision , 3 . Page 11: typo . There needs to be an "an" in the last sentence before the word extension . Thanks , mike
CP , Please forward her a bio , to save time , and schedule the time with her . thanks ,
FYI , here is the latest updated presentation . mike
Rick , thanks . I will listen in occasionally as well .
Doug , that is up to you and John .
For your followup and confirmation .
Now you're committed !
Simone , Please change the heading under the transaction summary from "Global Products" to "Global Markets" . Thanks , mike
The Enron Global Markets - Office of the Chairman has scheduled an off-site planning session for February 23-25 , 2001 . ( Please disregard any previous date information you may have received. ) It is very important that each person on the distribution list of this message mark their calendar now and make every effort to attend the off-site session . The information for the off-site meeting is as follows: Date/Time: Friday , February 23rd through Sunday , February 25th Location: The Delano Hotel Miami Beach , Florida Arrangements have been made for hotel reservations for each person . However , each attendee is responsible for their own flight arrangements . Flight suggestions and more detailed off-site information will be forwarded as soon as it has been finalized . In order to provide an accurate head-count to the hotel , it is important that you confirm your attendance today ( Friday ) by contacting Jennifer Burns at X-39440 or jennifer.burns@enron.com by 2:00 p.m . If you have any questions , please feel free to contact Jennifer or Cathy Phillips at X-36898 . We look forward to seeing you at the off-site . Thank you .
Thanks for the note . Sooners rule . We'll find time when things settle down .
Mark , I thought you would enjoy the comment about you .
Jeff , here is the intial draft . Please leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think necessary . I haven't even changed the wording after I first put it down . Mike
Huskers drool over Sooners .
Virginia , Hello . I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph . I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston . They should be delivered this week . They are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection . By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent . I have also purchased an Appel in the last month . I am interested in several artists . Actually , a lot . I will be looking for one or more of the following . My concept is that overtime I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like . I listed all of our ( sometimes mine vs . my wife's favorites and priorities) . They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it . I want signed and numbered . I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision . I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive . For example , I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper . At least that is what I am thinking now . Bonnard ( colorful only ) Suerat ( any works on paper ? - I don't know that he did any ) Other impressionist or post impressionist lithos Braque Moore Rouault Rothko Kline Motherwell By the way , I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso ( although we have 2 ) that your gallery had a couple of years ago . It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a "push wa" ( pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling) . It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $20,000 . Is there 1 available ? Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see , I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one . Thanks , mike
Actually , I believe that may be correct . I verified it in the new book by Tom Osborn , How OU dominated my coaching career - my only losing record in Coaching . It was a best seller .
Mark , I thought you would enjoy seeing our banter . Any suggestions at a good comeback .
Thor , I am sorry that you can't make it but please don't worry about it . We wanted to invite you as an important business leader and give you an update on our businesses and also have you share your vision and accomplishments of your great work in Norway . We intended to only invite 3 non-EGM officers , Joe Hirl , Paul Quilkey and you . I hope you have a great holiday . Cheers , mike
Ken , I had to respond . Speaking of bitch....all of the Cornhusker fans are bitching about Stoops not taking the head coach position at the Cleveland Browns or any other job that will get him out of their backyard . By the way , Stoops just started working on his book "OU's 7th Football National Championship"; Chapter 3 , Who are the Huskers ? mike
Robert , Thanks , I've talked with EES - Tom White and I will forward on his resume for consideration . I will also talk with Stan Horton . Mike
John , This is a follow-up to our earlier discussion . I would like to have you lay out our physical crude needs to become a player a long with some action steps to accomplish the goal . I don't want to forget about this because I believe it may be something we need to assign someone or a mid-market or originator or team to accomplish . I would like to see foreign and domestic . I see this as one of our possible competitive advantages or at least to solve the problem of not being in the know and getting second hand info or pricing . Thanks , mike
Howdy , I could not open the attachment . Could you please resend or cut and paste it into the body of the email . thanks , mike
I would really like that . I don't have any specific suggestions . mike
FYI , I think this is interesting . I won't be able to attend but do you have any time to see some of this . The morning looks interesting . What do you think ?
Marty , I can't attend and sent it on to Jeff Shankman . I really like the concept and would like to see the end product and the presentations . Are you taping it ? Its a great idea and format . Thanks for inviting me . Mike
Tom , In response to our discussion , attached is Fritz's resume . It doesn't prinwell . As i mentioned earlier , I have know him for many years and was hisemployee and then his business partner . I exited the business when we wereready to go public ( which never happened as planned) . His company went under a couple years after that . Fritz is an amazing self made man . He is the consummate salesman and wouldbe ( and he now has some background ) a great trainer . He works tirelessly ahas a great deal of energy and sales experience . At one point he was considered to be one of the top natural gas transport experts in the US andthat is where he made his millions at Excel . He lost all of it in the end . He needs help and has come to me for consulting work or a job . Robert JoneVP for HR for Wholesale - Networks , worked with him and he did some work fous and was pleased with the training work . He is also considering other options . I thought he might fit somewhere in your organization because of his sales,marketing and ability to work with a wide variety of customers . EES has smany different types of jobs and skill sets . I would be very grateful if you or Beth would interview him and see if theris a fit somewhere in the organization . I would really appreciate it if onof you would take 30 minutes and see if there is a fit anywhere . Thank you very much . I consider this a favor and one that might just workout . Sincerely , Mike
Jeff and John , Attached is the most recent draft of the reorg announcement . Cathy will have this ready to go out tomorrow , close of business . Please review again and mark up any changes that you believe are required . Please read the Per and Randy section carefully for errors and wording . JN , Please change wording for Randy's most recent assignment , i put something down as a marker . Also come up with a 1 sentence lead for Randy on the expected growth and opportunities around his efforts . Please read carefully for better wording and errors . Return to Cathy by 2 pm and we will make final changes and send it out at 6pm . Thanks , Mike
Thanks , Enron North America Corp .
Jeff , Interesting . Do you like this guy ? What about Crude and products origination working for Randy ? On the LNG front we should look at him if you like him but i don't think it is a no brainer . Neal will be coming on in 2 weeks , do we need him ? Maybe we do .
Bruce , I've been out of the office until Monday afternoon since the day of our meeting . I forwarded your presentation to several individuals that night . I'll follow back with them and get back to you . thanks ,
Shanna , I'm supportive of the raise to $150k . I think he is doing a good job and has a lot of value . He didn't fair well during the ranking due to lack of big $ or closure but maybe this will send him a good message . Thanks ,
Shanna , I certainly believe that Jennifer is better than Kim . Jeff is certainly the appropriate judge but she is very young and has a lot yet to learn . This comment is not meant as a cut down at all . John's questionable judgement shouldn't just be trumped however . My thoughts ,
A few things that I want to make sure that we have in our briefing package . A map of the region and facility Assessment of country risk address concern that a lot of "old" money ( big Landowners ) are taking their money out of the country - something we shouldn't ignore Update on other Ven . activities for ENE Other How is this going to work with translators ? Earlier meetings with Ministers ? We want to have a dinner the night before with key people We are now flying out after the meeting on Friday on the company plane . Mike
Here is my first draft for Rick's review . It is not complete and was done on an airplane . It needs work but I didn't want to hold it up . Please make any changes and additions on the attached word document and send it back . Thanks , mike
Jeff attached are the first drafts of the following reviews . Please review and make changes on the document itself . This is not in any final form and will have numerous errors . Please make corrections as you go along as well . There is no spell check on this form . Gary and George are tomorrow morning . Mike
Greg , I received request for our goals on a voicemail while coming back from Venezuela . I didn't know exactly what you were looking for or the audience but i have listed a few initial goals and thoughts for each business unit . We are in the process of creating more specific goals for each group for 2001 . Each already has their own but they are not in a final and consistent format . We have an off-site meeting later this month in which we will address this as a group . In addition , George and the coal group completed theirs late last week and Mark Tawney is returning tomorrow with re-defined goals as part of the process . Also , I have attached some new global formats that I received as I was leaving the country on some specific items that we need to insure a successful year . Most of this information has never been put together before . I have projected out a 50% growth factor as a starting point and will break this down to specific groups and goals to insure that we will meet these goals . As you know a lot of this was started when I put together the EGM presentation and gathered information for the analyst meeting . Let me know if you need something else or if this is not what you are looking for . Mike
John , Listed below are the goals that i drafted for Crude and Products from yourvoicemail . Please review and make changes including adding specific information ( eg: number of deals , volumes , specific types of transactions,etc. ) to each dot point . Also please don't hesitate to change the way it iworded . Please respond tomorrow if possible or as soon as you get back . Crude and Products ?  Create $150 million in gross margin and $83 million in EBIT ?  Develop mid-market liquidity around defined books ?  Develop long term structured origination group to generate earnings , compliment or mitigate existing trading positions and build deal flow ?  Extend into new and key business opportunities to exploit Enron,s natugas and power businesses Develop a physical presence by moving xxxxx bbls/day in US and xxxx internationally Thanks ,
Eric , I came up with a few goals and objectives for each group within EGM . Theseare what i came up with for LNG and which included some information from RiPlease review and add ( and change the language ) as you believe better represents your business . Also I need additional specifics where possible . LNG ?  Create $60 million in gross margin and $50 million in EBIT ?  Create a portfolio of positions including supply sources , shipping and markets to open and generate a new markets for LNG globally that can maximiand take advantage of the highest net backs ?  Develop an online market for LNG on EnronOnline ?  Close and deliver spot transactions around the world that illustrates Enrs ability to change the industry ?  Close Project Jose; successfully manage the supply and shipping positionsaround Dabhol Please amend on this email and return asap . thanks ,
Gary , Listed below are the goals that i sent in for your financial trading group.please review and make changes on this email as you wish . Also please adddetails to each dot point that would make it measurable and successful for2001 . Please take a few minutes and make changes and return asap . Financial Trading ?  Create $110 million in gross margin and $80 million in EBIT ?  Expand Enron,s successful equity trading group into other areas that can take advantage of Enron,s network and competitive advantages in existingbusinesses ?  Establish agriculture origination and trading business ( starting with coffee , sugar , cocoa ) ?  Establish equity trading group in London and a smaller group in Tokyo Thanks ,
Mark , Listed below are the goals i initially submitted for your group for 2001 . Please take a moment and review , change and add details to make it more clear . These worked for step 1 but i now need more detail - e.g . describeyour long term transactions again . Please amend on this email below and return asap . Weather ?  Create $38 million in gross margin and $24 million in EBIT ?  Implement a fully integrated global front to back weather system ?  Lever Enron,s scope and scale to create a true global group that cancapitalize on opportunities around the world to executive global arbs andglobal meteorological opportunities ?  Originate 3 additional SMUD ( dual trigger ) like transactions; 1 structuretax related transaction and at least 1 new structured financial transaction Thanks ,
Per , Today , I submitted a brief summary of each groups 2001 goals . I wasn't able to talk to you before putting these out but they were fine for step one . Please review and make any changes you wish to them . I also need you to add as many specifics as possible . For example number of transactions , $ amounts , etc . Please read and make the changes on this email and return to me asap . Keep your goals to no more than 5 . Global Risk Markets ?  Create $38 million in gross margin and $26 million in EBIT ?  Complete and market and execute transactions in three primary technologies: double trigger , upstream term-working interest and power price risk Thanks , mike
Thanks for your thorough and prompt response
thanks for the quick and thorough response .
Larry , listed below are the 3 goals i put in for your group . This was finefor today but please review and make any changes needed to be more accurateand also to add detail . Finance and Structuring ?  Create $15 million in gross margin and $12 million in EBIT ?  Create earnings and structures that utilities Enron,s , structures tminimize balance sheet and maximize earnings and cash flows ?  Create funds flow of $150 million and net cash flow of $59 million thanks ,
pls print in color
Any interest ? - Maybe for Randy or Doug ?
Renee , Wow ! I was so happy to get your email . Congrats . You guys make a cute couple . I'll try to attend , it is on the calendar . mike
Jeff , I couldn't open the attachment and there was no name reference . Who is this ?
Lea , You called yesterday . I am swamped and unavailable . On Jeff Koons , I am sure that Jeff talked with you last week and he shared his insight from other dealers at your dinner and his comments . It sounds like we should let him go and not pursue . I was going to talk with Skilling that day and elected to drop it after that . See you on Monday . Mike
Jeff , My brother had this guy call him and he forwarded his resume . Do you know him ? Any interest ? If you do , please forward on . Thanks , mike
Thanks , Great job , I thought the trip was great and productive . Maybe next time we'll meet the pres .
Jeff Shankman . Steve Kean will also look in occasionally .
Jeff , attached is Georges review for tomorrow . Please review thoroghly , add and make changes and be sure to check for errors . There is no spell check on the PEP system . Please review and attache the document and return for signature . thanks , mike
John , Thanks , I'll talk with him .
Jeff , here is Gary's review . It is still on the wrong template and I'll correct today . Please review carefully and make changes and return .
Jeff , I called Joe this morning and left him a pre-email voicemail on this . I referenced the power of 100% focus and the accountability for someone driving the earnings and his pressure to make earnings in trading and electricity . I like your email and tone . I would like to recommend you add a statement about Morten being very strong and that we aren't attempting to "own" him vs . having a 100% dedicated weather guy . I would also add that you want to talk him about this and how we could move quickly to complete our global vision with tawney . MIke
George , I just talked to Rich . I told him about the timing of the settlement proposal and that we should hear back late next week . I also suggested that if we get a negative response , that you and i would give him a call and update . He is being patient but I have a feeling that it has its limits . His response is logical to this point because as he stated , there should be a lot of money in this for both parties and thus a commercial settlement . Mike
Thanks for the update . We'll discuss again when I am over next week .
Dan , Eric hasn't called me but if he does you know I'll help .
I like it , that is where I am staying !
Approved . John Nowlan will make sure that someone from Net Works sees it as well so if they get a call they can discuss it .
Yes it is . Listening to clients , a great business model !
Shanna , talk with Rick but he will be working until June or July then he will retire and be available as a consultant to us .
Jeff , I made a few suggestions and retyped in the document for your consideration . I added a few words and changed the order . If you don't like them , go ahead and change them back and send out . Thanks ,
fine
please print in color , bind and return this afternoon . thanks , m
Good luck and let us know , including Rebecca and her team . thanks ,
I thought you would get a kick out of this .
Ken , I'm back . Sorry for the delay . It's been crazy here and I'm very backed up on emails especially the fun ones like this . My brief moment in print ( very brief ) certainly hasn't gone to my head especially as an Enron "B" teamer . In response to your worker bee comment , I can certainly say "buzz" but not someone who can sell that many shares of stock ! You are the king . Your last email was good and I'm not sure I can respond adequately but at least I didn't get help ! You win......but you still owe me lunch . Mike
In case you haven't seen this . Hope all is well . Things are great here . mike
Pelt , I thought you would like this . I hope all is well . Everything is great in Houston .
Randy , Thanks for the update . I like your plan . I like the McKinsey part as well . Please make sure that Suzanne understands the plan and that you John and Larry agree on the way forward . If there are any issues , please let Jeff or me know. .
FYI
John , This just got sent and it appears you were left of the cc list . We will be discussing with your guys this week to determine the best way forward . Everyone is under earnings pressure and it is asking too much for someone to dedicate 10-20% of their time on a product . The intent of this email is not to take people but to add people to the offices , if necessary , to make sure they live , eat and drink weather . We can discuss when I'm in later this week . Mike
Virginia , we did get the package but can't address right now . thanks ,
All , At our offsite in Miami next week , each of you are on the agenda to present your business and goals . This will be very short , only 20 minutes ( an agenda will soon follow but we will have a business meeting from 8am - 11:30am on Saturday) . Please prepare a few of pages on power point and submit to Cathy Phillips so that she can have all the presentations ready for that Saturday morning . Attached below is a copy of the abbreviated goals that I submitted to Frevert , summarizing EGM's 2001 goals . Please do not hesitate to change the list and add to it , it is only a guide and was used as a quick reference of EGM for the Enron board . After this meeting , I will take each of your presentations and make a more comprehensive goals and objectives list for EGM as a business unit . Also please add some of your other specific goals that illustrate where you want to be by year end regarding your competitive position and/or market share . For example , to be the largest marketer of coal in the US , to be the largest options player in crude and products , or what ever is appropriate . Also attached , for your information , is a recent presentation from the coal group . We thought that this was an excellent format and review . In the upcoming weeks , we would like to see an update on each of your businesses as well . I will let you know more in the next few weeks about the timing and format . Thanks , Mike
FYI , there is no official meeting with Chavez .
Howdy . Does your AOL work after I go into the work VPN ?
Dan Reck
Congrats , he is a great guy .
Shanna , What a deal . When Jonathan and I talked , he did ask if this deal with Net Works was a problem . I told him that I wouldn't imagine it would be an issue but to work it out with Eric and i gave him yours and Cindy's name rather than Robert . Is this out of line with others at his level and responsiblity ? Mike
Greg , Thanks . We'll resolve .
Darryl , I couldn't open your attachment . Please resend .
Thank you for your email and ideas . I have kept up with some of the Strategic Sourcing activities and know that things are going well . Enron's art committee's stated vision , goals and objectives are similar tothe ones you reflected in your email . As I have stated on an earlier voicemail to George ( I can't remember if Icalled you as well ) the Enron Art committee has spent a lot of time focussing on our vision and goals for the Enron art collection . This has been coordinated with the approval and support of Ken and Jeff and we have NedRifkin ( Menil ) and Barry Walker ( MFA ) advising us . I believe that we aremaking progress with our goals and acquisitions . Thank you for submitting these concepts . We are executing on our approvedgoals and are not going to pursue your ideas at this time . Good luck with your endeavors . Mike
Thanks for the information . Let me know if there is anything else I can do . I know that Neal Gerstandt just joined the company last week and will be working with you on project Jose . You will find him to be a great guy and a person with excellent judgment and overall experience in the energy industry . I have known and worked with Neal for over 10 years . I think he will make a great addition to the team and help bring this deal home... . the largest deal at Enron . Mike
Thanks , no interest .
Don , Thanks for the email and quick response . I'll address in more detail later , I'm gong out of town again this morning , but I did call Alan Kent and you will have a copy of his standard construction agreement and a copy of the deed restrictions e-mailed today . Also please call Alan directly with any questions on the contract . Larry is his real estate agent for selling homes in this subdivision and i believe he is just helping him . Alan should be able to answer most of your questions for clarifications quickly . I don't need to be an intermediary . In case you don't have his numbers , he can be reached at his office at 281 376-1500 or We can discuss the other issues you addressed later when i get a chance to review them more carefully . We are comfortable with Alan as the builder and want him to build the house , we just want to have a remedy if things don't go well . Thanks , mike
Cheryl , Thanks for the update . I like the progress . I realize that we can not cover us 100% for the future contract but at least it will help . What I think we need is some way to protect us incase he gives us a very high bid price to build the house because we are captive . What do you suggest as a possible remedy ? Some sort of checks on allowing others to bid ? Some sort of out on re-purchasing the lot at a set price ? Without a cost plus methodology we could be very vulnerable here . What do you think ? A few of the other issues you addressed in the earlier fax . 2 . Earnest money: I like putting it in title company vs . Flair . 3 . Title policy: Lets go ahead and take the additional coverage , I think it is prudent especially with the new subdivision . How much does an additional 15% cost ? I don't have any idea . 4 . have provided 5 . not sure i understand this 6 . yes , delete 7 . definitely change and check b1 and hire an inspector 8 . add in clarifying statement 9 . agree to add builder obligation . I am fine with a quick closing date and needs specificity . Does he have an estimated time of completion ? 10 . Rollback taxes: I agree , clarify as to the exemption , we need to be protected here . 11 . add this to contract . Flare may want the money but we should try it . I hope this helps . After you review and discuss these issues , let's get together via phone and discuss outstanding issues . Please call Cathy Phillips with a time to talk . She can be reached at 713 853-6898 Thanks ,
George , what is that status of this ? Kinder hasn't called on this but probably will . Let's discuss or leave me an email . thanks ,
I am no longer the CEO for Technology for Enron . I am now CEO for Enron Global Markets and do not have any tech . responsibilities . Please take me of the distribution list . Thank you , mike
Chad , thank you for your email . I will forward on to Dan Reck who is responsible for our new Enron Freight Markets business . I am sure you will be hearing from him . Thanks ,
Dan , FYI . m
Peter , Thanks for your voicemail and email . Your resume is impressive and I have 2 thoughts . Most of our efforts in EGM are not asset related but I would suggest you contact 2 people: Eric Gonzales for LNG activities and possible construction projects and Rick Bergseiker , Middle East and also co-heads LNG . Thanks and good luck . Mike
John , I'm sorry I missed you before you went off to Dhabi . I had difficult mornings while in town . I'll call you next week to discuss the weather organization structure and the best way to move forward . Have a good holiday . I think you'll like the UAE . Mike
David , Howdy . Thanks for the email . I agree he is a very sharp guy and does a great job . I will be attending the Masters again this year . I will be on our 2nd trip which is Wed - Friday . We do normally have a very full agenda but if you'll leave me your information , I'll try to stop and say hello . Thanks , Mike
Bob , I just tried to contact you but rolled to your voicemail which told me that your mailbox was full and it wouldn't let me leave a message . The operator then sent me into a Nuevo message that stated that the office was closed . Sorry for my late return call but I've been running at full speed since 6:45 am . Please call when you get a chance . Also let me know via voicemail if this is urgent . Mike
Jonathan , Thanks for the update . Great to have you on board . This job is going to be great . I am looking forward to working with you again . Mike
John and all , Please keep me informed on the progress . Mark Frevert and I would like to meet him . mike
Joe , Howdy from Houston . I would really like to discuss . I've been out the last 2 Mondays and missed your calls . I know your were out yesterday . How about 5pm on thursday - Houston time . Does that work ? Mike
Eric , Thanks for the update . Sorry for Arcos and your hard work , I know it is difficult to leave something without it being finished . I am happy for us .
Jason , I have forwarded your resume with my commentary to Philippe Bibi , CEO of Enron Networks and Robert Jones , VP of HR for ENW . You have an impressive resume and I hope you get a good response from Enron . Best of luck , Mike McConnell
Trevor , It was great hearing from you . Please send me some info via email to look at and circulate . Thanks , mike
Virginia , We didn't have any interest in the piece . I am interested in the following lithos . 1 . a signed Bonnard ( no black and whites ) and 2 . a Toulouse LeTrec ( awful spelling) . Let me know if you locate some choices on those two . Thanks , mike
I love you too ! My first really nice email for a while . Love , Mike
All , I just talked with Andy Fastow and Brian Redmon . We need to pass on him , they really didn't recommend him as I was led to believe . Sorry , Mike
Doug , Thanks for the email . I am glad that you had a good meeting . These guys are good and we are committed to this business . I'll be at the Masters Wed - Fri . Are you going to be there during those days ? Mike
Do you have a brochure so that i can decide when I can take off and go on to other offices ?
Lisa , Thanks . It was a great trip and one that will help lead to a lot of future benefits . Thanks again for the ticket as well .
I'm fine with it .
All , Attached is a resume for Trevor Woods . Trevor worked with me at HPL and directly for me in Technology . He is outstanding and left to do the dot com thing with his brother-in-law who was CEO of this company . He is interested to come back to Enron and is talking to various people around Enron . He has offer opportunities at EBS and EES and has been talking with Billy Lemmons about ag . Trevor is great and would be excellent in a Jr . commercial roll in an origination type of function . He is interested in moving pretty quickly and if you have an interest please contact him in the near future . Shanna can coordinate the times but i recommend him highly and he would be an asset to EGM . Mike
John , Attached for your review is a resume for Trevor Woods . He worked for me in 2 areas , including directly for me in Technology . He is outstanding and left enron to join his brother in law in a start up out in San Francisco . He was an associate at the time . He is interested in coming back and is talking with many areas of enron for positions . His girlfriend , Julie Ferrara , is in Net Works and may becoming to London as an assignment . If she does , he would really like to come as well - if it is possible . I didn't know if you have a need but he is great and would make an excellent Jr . commercial guy in an origination type of role . I wanted you to have shot at him as well . Mike
Emilio , let me know when it is official and draft up a congratulatory letter for my signature and send via email . I'll put on my letterhead and sign . thanks ,
Yes , that is the level that we will be talking to him about .
All , Attached is a presentation that I have put together to review EGM's activities . The purpose is to provide an information package on our businesses for Senior mgt and Investor relations . This will not be distributed externally but will education people on our businesses and some of our goals . Please take a few minutes to briefly review and make any comments and/or changes and fax or provide a hard copy back to me . You can send me copies of just the pages that have updates . Also please focus on the map and insure that there are not mistakes (  i found some recently) . There is also a shorter version presentation that is more external and once I've updated both , i will send everyone a copy via email for your reference and use . Thanks , mike
CP , i cant open and review . Please get a copy of the goals .
Mark , Glad to have you on board . I think you'll do great and that you will enjoy the coal business .
I had a good interview with Andy yesterday . He is a strong candidate and you may want to consider him for origination and mid-marketing opportunities . His resume is attached below . I highly recommend Andy and if you are interested in talking with him , please contact Shanna Funkhouser to arrange an interview . Thanks . Mike
I had a good interview with Andy Maus yesterday . He is a strong candidate and I wanted to make you aware of his background . His resume is attached below . Please contact Andy if you are interested in talking with him . Thanks . Mike
Christie , I don't have any interest . Jeff Shankman is a Penn guy and I am sure he would like to do it and would be very effective . mike
Thanks for the update .
Louise , I thought you would want to see this since you were there during all of those times .
Mary Nell , I can't tell you how disturbed I was over this . I can't imagine how you are feeling . As I said in the voicemail it certainly is not a reflection on the teams efforts . It speaks volumes about the UK and our independence ! No way to take this to the EU ? mike
Dorie , Thanks for everything on the Masters trip . I thought it went very well . I enjoyed our shirt and sweater gift but i have a question . I got a large sweater and need a medium . Do you have a medium left ? I brought in the large to exchange . Thanks , Mike
FYI , as we discussed .
Eric , What do you think ?
Doug , The Masters was great and of course you were right , the course was magnificent . This is my 4th trip down and I'm going to try and not ever miss the tournament ( but of course I haven't played it!) . The azaleas were not at max bloom , i think they were about a week away due to the cooler weather . What a great tournament . Please give me a call next time you are in Houston and I'll set up a game at Champions . I am looking forward to the tour championship later this year . Give my best to Jennifer and Chris says hello . Chris would like to email Jennifer , would you please send back your home email address via return email ? Ours is mmccontex@aol.com . Mike
The cat needs something . I had fun on the trip . Jim is a good guy and I'll send you a copy of the pictures for him when i get them back .
Shanna , Please make this happen ASAP . I thought he was done . Also , I would like to see a list of all of our key people and their conctract expiration dates . I believe you have that but I've not seen a copy . Thanks , mike
Have it sent to me and I'll make sure it gets looked at . cheers ,
thanks . Sometimes it is great to be the old USA . Jury's rule , wigged Lords drool .
Sherri , I would be happy to support Jeff . I've sponsored 5 other people for MS150 also but please put me down for $500 for Jeff . If i am being cheap , let me know . Thanks , mike
Haven't i already done this . This went out a while ago didn't it ?
Laura , I would like 2 Champions pavillion tickets for all 4 days . I am not sure who I will take as of yet . thanks , mike
Dorie , thanks , but I need a sweater ( M ) not a shirt .
FYI , this is an interesting tool for when i am out . I am interested in the online version . My login id is: mmccon1 thanks ,
Ted , Howdy from Houston . I didn't see the article but please fax me a copy of the piece if you have one . Fax# is 713 853 1922 . I will make myself available after class to meet with whoever you want me to meet with . Sorry I cant stay for the meeting , i really wanted to . I will need a student to take me to the airport on Friday morning but don't need one on Thursday . Do you want me to have breakfast or meet with the new dean ? Thanks and see you soon . Mike
Go ahead and put me in the Marriot . I should give this a try . Plus it will make them plan better for us .
It looks great .
John , FYI , here is the presentation we discussed today . This is internal only but it can act as a guide if you want to know what we are doing or our approach . This is a first draft and I'll send you an updated one when it is finished .
Thanks for the email . Also , nice job on the phone today with Whalley . I think you answered all of his questions and concerns and I think you'll like meeting him next week . Mike
Thanks ! You really changed the energy business .
Jeff , Attached is a draft copy of a presentation that was created as an internalbriefing document on the business activities within EGM . The purpose of this presentation is to communicate our activities and provide individuals with a more detailed reference document on these businesses in case they come up iQ&A or if you need some quick facts about these businesses and I'm not around . This is a confidential and internal document , which includes earnings targets , goals and objectives . We have a shorter more external version thawe use to describe our businesses . I can provide that copy if you are interested . Please don,t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or would lto discuss this in more detail . Mike PS - I will also send one of these to IR and PR
Julie , Thanks for your help . This is great .
here it is .  I willl forward my forward email as well . thanks ,
Jason , Thanks for the email . We dropped the ball on this one . I have put Robert W Jones , VP of HR for Enron Net Works on notice of your email and he will expect your call . His number is 713-853-5810 . Also please resend your resume both to me and to Robert . Robert's email address is We have another Robert Jones at Enron and this Robert is not getting all of his emails . Thanks , mike
Im fine with it .
Doug , other than the worst greens of all time , i was very impressed with the course . The layout of the front nine was outstanding . 10,11,13 were long and hard . We shot 6 under and had a great time . I bought a new odyssey putter and love it . You guys did a nice job on the course . mike
Bob , He is now in town ( he arrived on Monday) . Please call and leave him a voicemail . We will meet with you . Mike
Ron , I met with him today and steered him in a couple of directions . He is a very sharp guy and he should be able to find a commercial home somewhere in the near future . I'll let you know after he talks about opportunities with various groups around EGM . Thanks ,
Louise , You're very welcome . It is always a pleasure to celebrate this blessed event . This is a truly special time in your life and I hope you and Marcus can relax and enjoy it . This event will change your life and bring you true joy . I remember the birth of our children like it was yesterday . Simply writing this makes me feel great and my thoughts and prayers will be with you during this wonderful time . Remember work will always be waiting for you; this is what is truly important . Sincerely , Mike
Virginia , Thanks for the emails . No interest in the above or the miro . I am actively looking for a Pierre Bonnard lithograph , in color and signed . Also looking for Lautrec but probably after Bonnard . I will want to see numerous examples before I choose the Lautrec that we want . If you have any Bonnards , please let me know and send a copy of the image . Mike
Eric , incase i forgot to forward , please followup and lets meet him . I would like to attend .
Thanks for the update . You never appeared on camera and we thought that we had a video problem and that you weren't there .
FYI ,  this is what Suzanne was talking about . I didn't know any of this was going on . I haven't talked with SN yet . Do you have any comments before i do ?
I don't know her . Sorry .
Art , Here is a few numbers . Av . external transactions per day: 4,600 Life to date notional value: $550 billion ( yes billion , we just passed 1/2 a trillion dollars ) Daily value of transactions: $2.6 billion Percentage of business today in N America: 76% Products offered: 1,815 I hope that helps and good luck . mike
I'm in . mike
I'm in . We'll get started in a couple of months . Hopefully no sooner ! Thanks , mike
Ken , Per my voicemail , we are having an all employee meeting on next Monday at the Hyatt Regency . The purpose of this meeting is to pull everyone together for an update on EGM and a brief presentation from all the business units within EGM . This includes about 1 hour of business and then drinks and food - we expect about 500 people . We have made a lot of progress on changing the nature and profitability of these businesses and we want to make sure everyone sees just how far we have come in a few months . I believe they will be motivated to see the growth and profitability . We had a record Q1 with $100 million of gross margin . That was 50% of what they made in all of 2000 . Combined with the fact that in December of 2000 alone we made $87 million in gross margin , I believe it will have a big impact . If you could attend the meeting even for a few minutes it would go a long way in helping us drive our other point which is that the EGM businesses are now core to Enron and has the attention of both you and Jeff . Thanks for considering this and let me know if you need any other information or assistance . Mike
Jeff , attached below is my first cut at the org memo . Please review , make additions,comments and corrections and return it via a word document on email . Once i receive comments from all the individual business heads then I'll ciculate again for final review and commentary . Mike
Thanks for the response . I found a beautiful Bonnard in London and NY . I will be buying in next day or two . Asking price is $9,500 . I will keep the Lautrecs in mind . I think one is in my future - next . I don't think I'll be buying one for a few months . I'll get back to you . Mike
David , Thanks for the email . It did cause an interesting conversation without knowing what the situation was . We all have very open relationships around here ( it is why we are so successful as a company) . Please don't think twice about responding to Greg or any senior manager on an issue - but he would also have no issue with your response being cc back to Jeff and/or myself at the same time . Thanks , Mike PS; we are all thinking about P+ constantly .
Jeff , FYI . This is an excellent email and one that addresses all the issues we need to make decisions on . Lets discuss because I have some views but am very open to others especially when I don't really know ( first hand ) what oppts really look like there . We need to address quickly . Mike
Morten Erik , Thanks for the email . I thought it was very thorough and hits all the main points that we are thinking about right now . Jeff and I are very bullish on the opportunities in Japan are just now focusing on the specifics . I believe that will also drive the structure . You should have received an EGM overview yesterday and it will be an excellent brief on what we are doing and our general direction . I am very interested in having both you and Joe look at that and provide feedback on the opportunities in Japan . We can talk about all of your issues later , when we are more prepared , but on the PRC issue , the key is not simply P&L but on transactions and growing the business . I believe that these businesses with proper focus and dedication can grow quickly and show success even though the margins may be small . I am glad that you are coming over and also touring Enron Europe and ENA . It will help you make a better decision and we will have all of this clarified in the mean time . Jeff and I will be talking about some of these points tomorrow as well . Thanks , Mike
Joe , As we review all the options for Enron Japan ( people and commodity/business plays) , we would like to see how you think it should be organized to facilitate growth and have the biggest impact . When you get a chance to examine the EGM information and get your thoughts together , lets us know your views and your view of the best way forward . We have everyone thinking about it and we are solidifying our own thoughts as well . It will help with Morten Erik as well . Thanks , Mike
Chris , Hello from Houston . I really enjoyed meeting with you last Saturday at your gallery . Your collection of work is very impressive . I have not received your digital pictures that you were putting together but I did talk with my wife about the Bonnard . The Bonnard is my first choice of all the pieces we discussed . I found an illustration of it on the net ( from another gallery ) and she liked ( although - not as much as me) . I am prepared to purchase a Bonnard and the Radiator is my first choice . I would like to establish a relationship and do business with your gallery and would like to know what is your best price for the piece . I will not shop the price around and will make a quick decision with a credit card number . When I get your response and if it is competitive , I'll confirm the purchase when I pick up the email . Thanks , Mike McConnell PS - I will hold off on the others for now and when you send me the pictures I will show them to my wife for consideration . I am considering the Mary Cassat as a gift for her .
Kurt , I agree with Eric . California is very dangerous right now and we would need something very real to bring this to his attention . Steve Kean really liked the idea but only after we were ready to rock and roll . Mike
John , Rick Bergsieker is the key here . He can certainly direct you to the right people or others on his staff to help from Abu Dabai . Rick: Houston ext: 66504 Mike
Sounds like a plan . Eric is the key to all your activities .
Chris , Thanks for the email . I'll wait to get the pictures it will definitely help . I miss understood about the photos , I thought you were sending me via email that next day . Congrats on the Cassatt , that person will really enjoy it . Let me know about the price as soon as you get a chance . I understand that there is a shipping component and no sales tax . I like to have all my art shipped because the tax savings can be significant , especially in New York . I did like that frame on the picture but didn't understand your comment below ( $783) . The price you had did include the frame didn't it ? Thanks , Mike
I look forward to it .
Any update ? How did the interview go ?
By the way , good calls .
Don , Thanks for the fax survey . We couldn't read the numbers however . Please mail a copy to our house when you get a chance . Are there any issues from your point of view ? I would like to understand what the limitations are on the easements but it appears that everything is done . Are we ready to close and how do we do this ? Thanks , Mike
Bob and I are still playing phone tag , but he's calling . Call being scheduled for Wednesday it appears .
Lisa , As i was pondering the meeting last night going home in my car , I realized that I forgot to talk about 2 people , including regulatory and your personal efforts . I apologize for that , it was unintentional and I hope you realize how important you and your efforts are to EGM and Enron . I could not read my notes very well due to the extremely heavy lighting - that didn't appear on my notes just on me . Thanks , Mike
Thanks ,
Thanks , done .
Joe , Attached below is a draft of an EGM update and org announcement . It will be broad in scope and will address many areas . Please review and provide comments especially on the Japan part . I went ahead and took a stab at the first cut here and expect you to make all the changes and emphasis you feel is appropriate . We are a couple of weeks away from discussing every player ( Morten Erik ) that is why I left it very broad . Please take a moment , change and send back to me for examination and incorporation . I wanted to get this out on Friday , but may have to wait until early next week while i am on the road . Thanks , Mike
Billy , I like it . My only suggestion is to put in a statement like - that after all your discussions with business unit head and AAs we are ( changing ) improving the program on the suggestions that you all wanted to see . I think this could help everyone believe they were a part of the changes personally . Just an idea , I like it very much as it is . Good luck ,
Chris , I got the pictures yesterday . They looked great and were very clear . I am interested in buying a Bonnard and am ready to make a decision on the one you have as well . I will send you a check via overnight mail if we can come to an agreement . What is your best and final total price for the work ? I will make a yes or no answer upon my receipt of your email . Thanks , Mike PS - I am going to pass on the Braque and Picasso for now .
Great news ! Im glad you and the baby are doing well .
Thanks . Not going to buy now , closing on a Bonnard . I will have an interest later .
FYI and follow-up .
Chris , Thanks for the response and thanks for the consideration . I accept and we're done . I will have a check out to you today via overnight mail . Please ship to: Mike McConnell Houston , Texas 77069 I look forward to doing business with you in the future . I'll let you know the next time I'm back in the market for a specific piece or artist . Also please give my home a call ( 281-895-6855 ) when the piece gets in the mail so that I can make sure that my wife is around to accept delivery . Sincerely , Mike PS - Your price was right on the mark for an easy personal decision . My wife actually preferred another piece that was slightly cheaper and this let me get my favorite piece !
Test
I couldn't print this out . It was all messed up . Please call try on a different printer and if it still doesn't work , get a hard copy . thanks ,
John , Attached is the latest draft for your review . I changed the format on your section and some of the wording . I was attempting to make this easier for some of your employees by the wording . Are you sure you want to separate out Doug F from Randy's group ? I also added Doug L in there as well . Please check the wording and spelling of everyone's name carefully . Please make any changes on the attached word file and return . I'll cut and paste your new section in the master memo . Thanks , Mike
Jane , I certainly fine with joining the board . mike
Attached is the latest draft copy of the memo . Each group has had an opportunity to comment and it has been amended several times . I would like you to take a look at it and add your comments and changes . You are always the key to a good memo and your changes are vital to making this a first rate memo . Also Freight is in blue and i don't know how to take it back to normal . I would like this out on Tuesday evening . After i get your version back , go ahead and make your changes directly on the memo . Please send to Jeff for final review and one more pass thru the business units on Monday . Thanks ,
Gary , Thanks and good luck . Be sure and thank your wife for me for all her efforts . mike
no thank you not at this time .
congrats . see you next year .
Thanks , if you have it i would like to see an image but doubtful that i would buy another now .
Howdy from Tokyo . Brutal trip . Thanks for your follow-up
cool
Can you believe my email !
please put on my calendar .
Wow ! thanks ,
please review file and format for nomal layout vs landscape . thanks , m
FYI , he looks interesting .
Vance , I've been attempting to call you .  Your voicemail is full and my return voicemail keeps getting rejected . I suggest you clear out some room . I would be happy to change my schedule and meet either at 12 or 12:30 . I don't really want an hour with him but will do what you need . mike
Im out of town
We did fall apart in baseball this year . We are not a 1 sport team we are the sport team . Football is just a tad more important then the others . On last count our 7 national championships in "the" sport does add up . By the way , we hold 2 national championships today , football and the mighty women's softball .
FYI
Thanks . Its nice to hear a kind word every once in a while . Its been a tough quarter . Im glad we are making progress in this area , it is a priority . Mike
All , Below is a resume of Manuel . I met with him and has a good background and is a superior performer . He is willing to locate from Manilla and would go to Sydney and Tokyo . Interesting origination oppt . Mike List
I sent this to all the guys and forgot to include you on the distribution .
Guys , I had an interview with a reporter from the Economist yesterday . He is doing a big story on business changes , online changes , Jeff Skilling and Enron . Coal came up a lot and i described my enthusiasm for our coal business and our growth . He wants to put some focus on the coal business and i need some facts to get back to him . What percentage of our coal transactions or business is online ? Speed changes on a typical transaction post and pre online ? Other changes you see or products to develop International effects Total coal moved ( physical and financial ) especially online Other competing exchanges and why ours is better Other proEnron facts that illustrate our growing business especially as it relates to paradigm changes or online changes Please feed me this info and if there is something specific that you don't want me to say let me know that too but go ahead and give me the answer . I need this information pretty quickly . Thanks ,
FYI and consideration .
CP , please get a copy from Jason and send asap . thanks ,
Akiko , you're very welcome and thanks for everything . mike
Me too . It does help everyonce in a while . Thanks .
Dianne , Thanks for the kind words . Yes toastmaster has been a big influence in my life . I talk about it often and attribute a great deal of my success to that . I do large speeches quite often and its all back to our morning meetings and they seem like they were a lifetime ago . thanks ,
thanks for the update . be sure and get on my calendar when you are in town . Call Brent Price ( our CAO ) at 713 853 7647 for additional help on Mtm . He is very good . Good luck ,
John , Here is a brief email on a possible resolution for the European/Oslo weather situation . Mark sent this draft to me last weekend but i haven't had time to review it this week . Personally , I think that this is the wrong answer from a Corporate perspective but this issue keeps hanging around and isn't worth any more of our time . For what it is worth , I think our communication strategy did make a big difference but didn't get us exactly where we needed to be . These groups will be expected ( and held accountable ) for good and consistent communication on an ongoing basis as well . For a P&L that is this small ( and negative ) we are all spending too much time on this . There is more to this story but I think we should just drop it and move on to bigger and better things . I am certainly not wedded to any of this but would rather focus on all the other issues and problems on my plate . Let's discuss upon your return on our weekly call . Thanks and I hope your vacation was relaxing . Mike ps-this hasn't been shared outside the group on the email .
Kathie , Thank you for your email . I've been out and all over the world . I appreciate your help on this article . Attached is a copy of a presentation that will fill you in on some of the businesses that we are working on . This should give you some ideas and clarifications on the first draft . Here are a few other points of emphasis . EGM was created to provide sharpened focus on very large global markets and commodities to enable them to grow quickly These markets are huge and we will become a big player rather than being active in them EGM provideds true network for market making opportunities related to commodities that are highly liquid in physical and financial terms and are enormous in market size EGM leverages the value of Enron's existing network and international asset positions EGM's operation will coordinate with leveraging all of our wholesale businesses EGM has very aggressive growth targets in transactions and earnings EGM has contributed almost $200 million in gross margin in its first 2 quarters in existence Go big or go home philosophy EGM will represent a clear transfer of Enron wholesale market making model into other commodities this year GROWTH is the key!! ! Thanks for your help . Mike
Paul , I am in the early stages of planning my next run to Singapore and Sydney . I was thinking about bringing my wife and staying over a couple of days ( or a week) . What is the weather like in July and are you going to be there ? Thanks , Mike
Tuesday is fine but i do need it .
All , After filling out and gathering all the feedback forms in the last couple of weeks , Jeff and I just realized that we forgot to ask everyone for an accomplishment list from each of you . We have had a very successful 2001 so far and we need to be able to discuss each group and your personal mid-year in detail . Please send us an email with your accomplishments so that we have all the facts during the PRC process . This doesn't need to be formal but simply put together and email to both of us for the appropriate time . Thanks , Mike and Jeff
Randy , I would be happy to sign it with legal approval and Tim Detriming's group must also see it to make sure that we are not obligating ourselves to anything else that is going on around the corporation . Maffet knows the drill . mike
thanks ,
John , attached below is my first draft . It isn't pretty and i would like you comments and changes . Please make changes directly on the word doucment and send back asap . thanks ,
I apologize for the delay in getting back to you . I've been traveling againI also just found this in my in-box as returned as un-delivered ( I put onlytwo v(s ) instead of three . I hope your other discussions went well thatday . Below are a few comments that i believe you addressed and wanted some additional feedback from our coal activities and changes in the coal industry . I wanted to get this out to you quickly so please forgive thislack of formality or writing creativity . Enron activity ( EOL ) Enron's online activity has been very successful especially as compared witour early estimations of acceptance by the industry . I believe that there is only one other active coal trading system ( Dynegy direct ) that simply isn'tposting prices as a bulletin board and waiting for a response with telephonfollow-up . I also believe that we have done a very significant amount of omaybe all the coal transactions on Dynegy direct to date . We do a lot of obusiness online and the numbers YTD are that approx . 45% of our trades areexecuted online . That number has been higher , as much as 90% for certainmonths or when we are trying something new or moving a particular product . Also , as Bid/Ask spreads tighten , which we would expect , that bodes well foEOL and our ( and the markets ) ability to transact even more quickly . Transactions that took days to put together now can be done in 1 second . Between the speed and the cost savings of having a fully integrated system,we believe that our transaction numbers and percentages of online businesswill significantly increase . Changes in the industry We discussed changes that we believe are coming in the industry . We see several things on the horizon . We expect the acceptance of the online transactions to further increase; especially with the volatile price movements what we have seen in the last 6 months . We are currently developing several new products for EOL that I believe will become very popular and will create new markets in coal and related sectors . I don'twant to discuss them right now but we are close to releasing them and I thithey will raise some eyebrows . The development of the Global Coal exchanwill also help . I frankly don,t believe it will be very successful because of several things but primarily because of the difficulty in closing the transaction . One thing has been very firmly demonstrated . Every time a newbig system has been introduced EOL volumes go up . It simply accelerates thacceptance of online business and it gets down to the best prices and liquidity to see who will ultimately win the day . Another big change in thindustry is the growing acceptance of the OTC market . The significant pricchanges that have occurred have "forced" many traditional players to the OTmarket . This also includes forcing them to agree to standard OTC terms andconditions and getting them comfortable with the market . This is very goodfor Enron especially when you consider that we are the major player on theOTC market . We don't release specific percentages of what we are doing onthe OTC . Also having more natural and traditional players signing these types of standard agreements helps us on the EOL side because standard contracts are important for developing a more liquid commodity market . Enron coal volumes A couple of numbers that we are willing to release . Year to date , we havemade markets and transacted approx . 30 million tons in the forward market . On the physical side of our transactions , about 25% go physical vs . financial . Last year Enron was the largest US market maker ( not producer)with 142 million tons transacted . Internationally we moved approx . 47 million tons and overall the total was slightly less than 190 million tons.We have high expectations for 2001 . I believe that we should be up approx65% and we are on track with that . I think the industry would be surprisethat we did almost 2,800 transactions in 2000 . This doesn,t include any of our shipping business . I hope this helps and please let me know if you have any other questions . Mike
Eric , A couple of high priority activities we need to address very quickly . Run down of Nigeria deal ( 100/400 mmbtu/d ) Bahamas - Skilling update , acceleration of Corp effort , approvals Elba - supply and managing t-o-p Ven - Lay call , timing of Ven decision and game plan R Bergseiker future and other EI people Asia strategy and clarification Current view of Long/Short via category of segment ( shipping , physical , facilities ) I know you are on top of all of these items but Jeff and I want to run them down and get an update . Thanks ,
Darrell , I attempted to call you a few minutes ago ( late night your time - but there was no voicemail) . I didn't want to wait several more days before I contact you . I'm out all weekend . Eric shared with me some of your concerns about resources for a Korea LNG opportunity . I certainly understand your view but wanted to share some of my thoughts . Rick and/or Clay know the Asian LNG industry better than anyone else in the company . They are very good and I have a lot of faith in them and their ability to assess opportunities and develop projects . They are lacking wholesale type of transaction experience that a few of the guys that have recently come into the group have . That is why we have brought them in . We have a very strong team and i like the mix a lot . Eric is the person we chose to run the group for many reasons but it wasn't' done as a lack of faith in Rick or his original team . The biggest opportunities and the viewpoint we must take in this business is running it like a wholesale unit and running it as a portfolio of transactions and books . That certainly doesn't mean that 20 years of experience doesn't have enormous value especially in the non-Atlantic markets . Rick is in the process of coming back to Houston after the shut down of our middle east projects and strategy . Rick is also in the process of assessing what exactly he would like to do in the time of transition . My very sincere hope is that he will stay in the LNG group and perform a very important role especially in this type of development or deal making role . Especially in a big deal in Japan , Korea or something in the Asian area . We will discuss this next week when he comes to town . I need Eric to be in Houston right now due to our Elba Island , Venezuela and Bahamas immediate activity . He will certainly be engaged in everything but he can not be focuses as much as you need in Korea or Joe needs in Japan . Please give me a call next week and we can discuss this in more detail . Thanks , mike PS - Frevert also likes this role for Rick . Also the Eric specific head role has not been officially announced yet .
Ron , I hope you had a good week . I've thought a lot about your family and you've been in my prayers . I apologize for the delay in this email but i decided not to bother you with this while you were away . As a follow-up to our conversation , the authors that have had the biggest influence on me and along the lines we discussed are: Dr . Denis Waitley ( The Psychology of Winning , How to Build your child's self-esteem , many others but I can't remember the titles ) Dr . Norman Vincent Peale ( The Power of Positive Thinking ) Og Mandino ( The Choice , The mission ) Dr . Wayne Dyer ( many ) Anthony Robbins ( Unlimited Power , Personal Power , many others ) Attached are a couple of the outlines I did . To my extremee frustration I can't find some of the others that i did many years ago . I got a lot out of all of these , usually a little from each and when you least expect it . I am a great believer in the old saying , "When the student is ready the teacher will come" . As we discussed , the results of all of the hundreds of books and tapes have had a profound effect on me and my family . A few direct tangible results include: my extensive long and short term goal setting , affirmation collection ( over 100 pages and growing) , my family journal ( 80 pages and growing ) . ... . When you get a chance and things settle down , please give me a call or I can definitely find time for lunch . Mike
How's this for the next stab . Please review , make changes and send back for a final . I didn't try to make this just perfect but consoldite a little and add a little . Thanks , Mike
Mark , Thanks for lunch , I really enjoyed our conversation . Here is the presentation we discussed . This is an internal presentation only . mike
I added a couple of our other businesses in the opening paragragh . Good to go . mike
Per , I need a copy of the signature pages for all the signed dashes . I want them for my files . Thanks ,
Richard , I sent your info on to my direct reports for evaluation . I've also sent on to others as well . If there is an interest , you will be hearing from us . Good luck , Mike
Peggy , I'm glad you had a good time . I can't begin to express my appreciation for all of your work and dedication to JDF . I was proud to have you represent Enron . Mike
Our relocation to the new building is fast approaching and there are several important move related items that I would like to stress at this time . I would appreciate your cooperation with the key move issues that are outlined below: IMPORTANT - A special building tour has been scheduled for the EGM business unit heads receiving this message . Jeff and I , along with Bill Donovan , would like to invite you to join us for a tour on this Friday morning , June 8th , from 8:30 to 9:30 a.m . Even if you have already had an opportunity to visit the new building , we think this would be a great opportunity for all of us to see the space together and discuss any issues at that time . Please contact Cathy Phillips at X-36898 if you plan to attend the tour . New building floor plan modification requests will no longer be accepted . Any change requests that have already been received are currently being considered and will be conveyed to the appropriate business unit head . If vacant positions exist and they will be filled before the move on August 3rd , they need to be identified on all reports and floor plans with their name , NH ( for new hire ) and an approximate hire date . Example: Bob Smith NH Any space/move related questions or issues that may arise should be addressed by Cathy Phillips . Please do not contact Susan Lopez for any space related issues . Jeff and I have asked Cathy and Jennifer Burns to be responsible for the allocation of space in the new building and they are keeping us well informed as to the progress and any issues as they arise . Jeff and I are very aware that space is very tight in the new building and we will be addressing growth and additional space needs and issues in the near future . A limited number of Turret phones will be available in the new building . The Turret phones will be assigned to traders and their assistants only . Everyone else on the floor will receive a new upgraded version of the Lucent phone ( with the existing phone numbers) . Please contact Jennifer Burns if you have any questions or issues related to phones . All private team rooms , offices and conference rooms have been assigned and there are no more available for assignment to the individual groups or people . On the 3rd floor we will have the following public conference space available by making reservations ( specific scheduling details to follow later): 1 Mega conference room 1 Large conference room with videoconference capabilities 1 Large conference room - no videoconference 3 Team rooms File space on the floor is being upgraded and allocations of file space will be made for each group . Every attempt is being made to have the assigned file space as close to each individual group as possible . At this time , details related to food deliveries and distribution have not been resolved . Your patience and flexibility with all food related issues will be appreciated . It is highly probable that food service in the new building will be very difficult at first and as we get closer to the move date , more information will be provided related to food service , deliveries and distribution . Since Jeff and I both already keep Cathy and Jennifer very busy , we would appreciate it if you would send all your comments , questions , or issues to them via e-mail . They have agreed to make themselves available every Monday at 4:30 p.m . to meet with anyone to discuss their questions . Please make arrangements with them directly to meet regarding your issues . There will be a 60 day freeze on any building changes once we move into the new building . I understand that this is a difficult process and that there are a lot of questions and issues , but Jeff and I are convinced that this will be great and everything will work out in time . Thank you for your cooperation and assistance in making this transition to the new building as smooth as possible . Mike
Joe , In the next couple of weeks . thanks , PS - Amazed at my quick response ?
Tom , I am fine with this but our effective date is a call of fairness that depends on your view of the middle east adjustment . I don't want to be hard on this and get back a bigger number on middle east by default . Its up to you and your judgement on what you think is appropriate and or a trade with Europe . I am fine with your ultimate decision . Mike
Rebecca , I would also like to bring Jeff Shankman with me to the board meeting . He has never attended one . It has been a long time since i have presented anything to board especially like this . Would you please provide me a copy of the last couple of presentations so that I can be consistent and give them the right kind of information . Thanks , mike
Thanks . Wow , you're quick on email . Jeff and I will be the only attendees .
I have arranged to take off this Friday , so I will be able to attend . I guess I'll get the directions to the golf course and other details from Weed and Dial . If the teams are all full , put me on their team . Otherwise , I'll play with anyone . My game has gone down the tubes since I started the international work . I hope to take care of that problem soon.....put me down as a 24 handicap . I look forward to seeing you and the rest of the guys , Mark
I'd like to sign up for the ClickatHome service . I have seen the Terms and Conditions and the Election Agreement but I haven't come across a way to sign up . Please let me know how to sign up and order the equipment . Thank you , Mark McConnell
Thanks pop , Our schools have some pretty impressive records on that page . By the way , that NCAA site is pretty interesting if you ever get bored .
No , It looks good . I would actually add... . 4707 Laurel ( See Map )
You can send it which ever way is easiest for you . If it is just the same , I would send his seperately . He is located at: EB1344 . Thanks , Mark
Sorry , I've been in meetings . I will be out of pocket until next week . Let's talk then . Mark
Carolyn , I have received my new card . You can deactivate my att card . Mark
From Kirby
Thanks for the pics . She is adorable ! I always enjoy getting them . I'm heading to Norman to watch the OU/KSU game . We finally get to see how good we are . Mark
Attached are the electronic versions . At the very least , the underline needs to be removed from the changed sentences . Thanks , Mark
Here we go ! Boomer Sooner ! Mark
Sounds good . I was in Norman this last week...recruiting , golf and KSU game ( close) . I also picked up my tickets for this weekend . I don't like thinking about the game , it makes me nervous but that is the fun of it . By the way , can you tell me the line ? I'm sure you are favored . Boomer Sooner , Mark
I had vacation on September 28th ( Friday) .
Thanks Steve . I won't be able to participate because I will be at the OU/Texas game . ( Boomer Sooner) .
Jonathan , Thanks for the email . I enjoyed the evening in Norman as well . I also enjoyed the game vs KSU . Your resume looks very impressive . I would continue to work through the university and make sure that you get on the interview schedule when we come back up . I'll hold on to your resume and pass it on to people in the pipeline group that may be looking for an intern . Best of luck , Mark
When: Wednesday , October 10 , 2001 10:00 AM-1:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) .
Martina , Howdy from Texas . I am writing to see if you know where Christian has landed since the reorg . of EBS . I'm glad to see you still have an Enron address . I was telling a friend about our trip to Denmark and that museum that we saw there . Please let me know if you know where Christian is . Hope all is well , Mark
Christian , How's it going in Brazil ? I know you are happy to be back . I transferred out of EBS and got back into the gas business . I'm working for the pipeline group . The people here are very nice and I'm glad to be back in this industry . Although , I must say that I will miss London and working with people like yourself . I got a message from Martin Joergansen the other day . Do you happen to know his email address ? Please let me know . I hope all is well down south . Mark
Lorna , Could you make sure that Paul ( referenced above ) and I are on your distribution list for the TW Marketing team . We just joined the group . Thanks , Mark
I am planning on attending Paul's party . Sarah will be out of town so i will be flying solo that night . Let me know if I can help out by bringing anything . Mark
Passwords Houston Chronicle Online PW: -NA- PW: 121212 Dallas Morning News PW: boomer PW: 70450689 PW: switch PW: sarah Netscape Quicktime PW: sarah PW: FYI21502 -or- PW: FYI18447 SAP PW: 121212 PW: ID: downloads PW: downloads PW: 868686 The Economist PW: 121212 TW Deal Profit/Analysis Tools PW: kctw1 PW: TWMM7896 PEP PW: 121212 Paine Webber PW: 6158 EPOCH Partners PW: ramie PW: mustang Enron Presentation Library PW: 121212 American Auto Association PW: 12121212
Uhhhhh , I think I'll make the drive myself .
Art 7:30 Thursday November 1 We need to bring the old tickets to exchange them and furthermore , we need to be there at 7:00 to transact . Mark
Zach , Have a safe trip and don't get in too much trouble tonight . Good luck to you guys . I hope the game is a good as the hype . Again , I can't wait . It is such a great spectacle . Boomer Sooner , Mark
Yeah , what a game . That 7 - 3 score that held most of the game was a killer on the nerves . Both Defenses looked very good . Both offenses looked like they were playing very good defenses . I do like our coaching staff . Bob hasn't always had things go his way . During his first season ( 7-5 ) he tried some different type plays and many didn't go his way including a fake field goal in the Independence Bowl that probably cost us the game . That being said , he has had a pretty good string lately . Good luck with the rest of the season . Boomer Sooner , Mark
I'd be glad to take care of this . Mark
another reason to be proud
Cassie , I just wanted to thank you and the staff for the OU/UT tickets . We had a great time and you know the game was exciting . I also enjoyed meeting you two weeks ago . Mark
When: Tuesday , October 09 , 2001 2:30 PM-3:30 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: tbd Update on Status , review critical assumptions , strategize on economics
Room 1336 has been reserved for today's 2:30 Trans Pecos meeting .
Greg , Welcome to Enron ! We will immediately start the "development" program to instill the Enron viewpoint....We are the best and brightest employees and we are better and smarter than any company in the world . We are the elite . Just kidding . I look forward to seeing you in the elevator banks . Mark
Dennis , Attached is what I've got . Please assign and have them contact the rep below to get the information you need . I'll also pass on anything else I get . Let me know who gets this project . Thanks , Mark
Thanks Audrey , Mark San Antonio Spurs Saturday , December 1 7:30 pm Dallas Mavericks Tuesday , January 22 7:30 pm Phoenix Suns Saturday , March 30 7:30 pm San Antonio Spurs Thursday , April 4 8:00 pm
Noel , I would like to reserve a space on a van on Saturday Oct 20th for the Habitat for Humanity effort . Let me know if you need additional information or if they are already full . I can certainly make it out there on my own . Thanks , Mark
University of Texas police have smashed a suspected terrorist cell . Three terrorists , Bin Losin , Bin Whinin , and Bin Cryin were apprehended on the UT campus shortly after the defeat of the Longhorn football team by the University of Oklahoma Sooners . University police warn a fourth terrorist , Bin Winnin , is still at large . However , sources within the department concede that Winnin would be very conspicuous on the UT campus and suspect he has fled to the campus of Oklahoma University .
Let's talk about it tonight . I certainly don't mind a smaller Christmas . I'm worried about what Ramie thinks . Mark
When: Thursday , October 18 , 2001 10:00 AM-11:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: TBD
Kim , This is my first attempt at providing bullets . Let me know if you want them in a different style/etc.. . Agave hook up - Agreement and amendment letter created as blessed by legal . Currently circulating through other key departments . To be sent out early next week . Trans Pecos - Economics and design being redrafted to look at a 350,000 MMBtu/d pipe . After numbers are worked , we will reapproach PEMEX Southern Trails - A nonbinding bid is being put together for ~$5-7million . The bid letter is in legal and is due on Monday . Are main push at this point is to get into the data room
Erica , It sounds like you have the right attitude about the situation ( I wouldn't have guessed otherwise) . The fun aspect of it is that you can do whatever you want . Sometimes the hard thing is figuring out what that is . I truly wish you the best and I certainly want to know where you place yourself . Oh , I heard from Andy . They have settled in Denver and he is still looking for a job but he may do some contract work for Enron . I'm not sure how definite it is or what he'll be doing . I'll let you know what I find out . Mark
Please call me with any changes . We are faxing this out by 6:00 . Thanks , Mark
Sorry Sweetie , I don't get anything when I try to open it .
Man I hear you . I have faith in Stoops but I am a little worried . On the other hand , our offense certainly hasn't dominated anyone this year . It is a question of what to go with; productive with mistakes or less productive and fewer mistakes .
Yeah , Baylor this weekend and Nebraska next . This Baylor game is coming at the right time . Good luck with Colorado .
Unfortunately , I had no time off this last couple of weeks . Mark
In the next few days . We'll call you and let you know when we start the process so we can get your imput . Mark
Noel , I will not be needing a ride to the site . I will meet you and the gang out there . I hope my change hasn't messed you up too much . Mark
I have secured EN1336 for the meeting between the weather desk and TW
I'd like to get some right now . If you know what I mean .
This is an asset purchase ( a mothballed oil pipeline for conversion to nat gas) . Robert Guthrie did not attend .
Jim Curry attend for Robert Guthrie .
Mr . Joergensen , A big "Howdy" from your Texas friend . I was so glad to get your voice message the other day ( week) . It is always nice to pick up a voicemail and have it turn out to be a colleague from the not so distant past . I hope you and your family are doing well . As EBS changed direction , I did as well . I decided to get back to my roots in the gas and gas asset business . I looked inside of Enron and also with some outside companies and decided to work with Transwestern pipeline ( an Enron company) . I've been here for about a month and all is well . The people here are very nice and very genuine ( just like my old friends from London) . It is weird to actually have a product to sell - if you know what I mean . I think I'll like it but I'm already missing my travels in your neck of the woods . Also , I'm home so much now , my wife doesn't know what to do with me . I'm still saddened by the demised of our Blockbuster/VOD deal . It was a great concept and it worked . Oh well . We'll see it someday , I'm just not sure who is going to win the race on getting it to the public in bulk . Christian sent an email to me and he seems to be doing fine , loving Rio but still looking for a job . Speaking of that , I hope your job is going well and as secure as it can be in today's climate . It is a strange time here in America . The terrorist attacks , the retaliation in Afghanistan and the constant update on new discoveries of the spread of Anthrax are constantly being talked about and on every news channel . It is amazing how a handful of people can create such sadness and effect the world in so many ways . There is no doubt that the spirit of the people will prevail . Take care Martin . It was great to hear your voice . Mark
With some kind guidance from the veterans around here , I'd be glad to do it . If it can wait a couple of days . Mark
as requested
I am available
Please look at the attached . If there are some things missing , please let me know . If some things on the list are not applicable , please note that too . Just send your deletions/additions to me via email . If you can get this to me by the end of the day Wednesday , that would allow us to proceed with Questar all the sooner . Thanks , Mark
Pat , Howdy!!! ! What is going on ? I heard from Erica that she may have some decisions to make soon . Are you going through the same thing ? I'm interested to know . I heard from Andy Maus last week . He is doing some contract work for Enron . He and his family are enjoying Denver . Please call or email me . I hope all is well . Mark
We'll get that for you . We are awaiting a call back from Questar to confirm out days in the data room . This coming week looks doubtful . We'll be in touch . Mark
Jeff , If you have any problems , let me know . Otherwise , we'll talk later on how to resolve this . Mark Look at sheets 70 and 145-152
It works!!! ! wow , you are so tech savvy . Darby looks great . Mark
Robert , We'll take a look at this too and get back with you . Mark
James , What do you think ? Can we do the 20 year thing ?
I have made note to your new email address . When I make it over to London again , you will be one of the first that I contact . Could you send me your home number and address ? Great luck running the search firm , Mark
4707 Laurel St Home Phone 713-665-4026 Cell 713-822-4862 Take care .
Mark , I hope you have enjoyed your time working in Europe as much as I did . I have recently made a switch and I left the broadband group and joined the Transwestern Pipeline Marketing team . I'll talk to you later , Mark
The total for the "Boss's Day" lunch = $230 . Could you each provide me with $38 ? Thanks , Mark
Cindy , Attached is a list of your rec and del points on 27161 as of Nov 1 , 2001 . If you disagree with it or want to discuss some realignments , let me know . Mark
No time out to report
As requested from Kim
My bullets would be the same as Kim's . I think she did them last night . If not , let me know . Mark
Kim , Attached are the links to the places Sarah and I went . Private game reserve Private game reserve Forest Lodge ( enrvironmental )
yuk ? It could be perfect . "Saturday...sunny . Highs in the upper 60s . Light southwest winds." Although the low could be a bit chilly .
Anytime before 3:00 is currently open .
I got out of my morning meeting and Kim still wasn't in ( ~8:45) . I had a bad feeling . She came in at 9:00 , straight from the vet .
Howdy Heidi , Well , your name is still on the list so that is good . I hope all is well with you and your hubby . Awfully weird times here in the home office . Really strange vibes all over the building...people wondering about their jobs , sad about their retirement accounts and wonderment about how a proud ( maybe too proud ) Fortune 10 company could go down in ~3 weeks . I guess it is the same or similar there too . The pipeline group is working out . I really like the people and am starting to get comfortable with the business and my regulated surroundings . Please respond and let me know what you are up to and how you are doing . I'm so sorry we didn't hook up when you were in town last time . Mark
Thanks Eric , I'll call the guy . If I need any more information , I'll let you know . Thanks also for doing this so quickly . Mark
When: Wednesday , November 14 , 2001 1:30 PM-2:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: 1336
Monday night and Tuesday ? Craig got a special deal to play golf for half price at a nice course in San Antonio . I told him yes but I needed to check with you . I moved our Hoffman meeting back to 5:00 on Tuesday . I still am committed to play golf on Wednesday as well . Let me know if this interferes with any plans or if you don't think you'll be seeing enough of me . ps I've left a message for Greg with the receptionist from his group . I still don't know if he is here . Mark
I spoke to him and he is here and well . He can be reached at 713-345-9592 or greg.phillips@enron.com . He says "Hello" . I love you .
No time off to report . Mark
When: Wednesday , December 05 , 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: EB1336
Audrey , Please book room 1336 for a meeting with Reliant on Wednesday Dec 5 at 2:00 until 3:30 . If it is already booked , please let me know . Thanks , Mark
Attached is my request form . Thanks , Mark
Dennis , To follow up from our meeting today , please provide the delivery report that includes the following: WHAT Total volumes ( by month ) delivered to primary delivery points versus alternate delivery points WHEN For the period of 5/00 thru 10/31 WHERE For all delivery points West of Thoreau ( including: Calif pool , Window Rock , PGE/Mojave Topock and SOCAL Needles ) WHO Send to William Rapp ( legal) , Kim Watson and myself This information will be used to respond to criticism by the California PUC . I believe that Bill Rapp is wanting to respond by early Wednesday so if he could get these numbers by end of day Monday , I'm sure he'd appreciate it . Thanks for your help , Mark
Nice picture . It should do .
It just goes to show... . If you just keep winning , things usually work out . Good luck at Texas Stadium . Mark
Debbie , I can't remember if I responded to you....I took vacation all last week . Things are fine in my little corner ( as good as can be expected) . A bit sad for a lot of other people around here . As soon as I get caught up , I'll give you a call . Mark
GO GET 'EM
Marissa , Hey ! Just thinking about you . I hope all is well out west . Things here are sure interesting . You should be very happy that you are not still here going through this stuff . I feel pretty fortunate to be in the pipeline group . This group is pretty lean so hopefully , there won't be many cuts ( although I am the new boy in the group) . Many of the other groups are getting pretty anxious , including our former bunch . We should find out pretty soon . I was in Salt Lake City a couple of weeks ago and I called Rhondo . He is working for the IOC and is in charge of all the fund raising for the Olympic charities . It seems to be right up his ally . He asked me to tell you hello . Sarah and I took vacation last week . I played golf in San Antonio ( La Cantarra - in case Will is wondering - excellent course ) and also played here in Houston with Frank , Marc and Bradford Brooks . It was fun . Please write back and let me know how you are doing . How's the job , How's Will , How's LA , How was Thanksgiving...many questions . Mark
Do you prefer that I take out the added language for future agreements ?
Gary does not need the walk through after all . Thanks anyway . We still need to get a drink one nite . Let me know what your schedule is . Thanks Tracy
I have to leave the office now . I will call you around 11:00 and we can meet somewhere . OK .
One of my favorites ! Just tell me when and where .
I really , really , really miss you !
I wish I could spend every day and every night with you . You know I love you very much and I will try to be with you as much as I can . I can't wait to see you . Let me know what time I should meet you downstairs . Love , Tracy
I love you .
I ordered the pastries . I will bring them on Saturday . Don't forget to make the ice cream . I can't wait to be with you tomorrow . I love you .
Azurix ( not including Marlin ) ( 5.2 ) Clean Fuels ( 21.1 ) I need to double check this one this morning . We talked about EGAS yesterday . Its their 2nd CE plus (  in this case minus ) the assets we have picked up . We will review updated 4Q with Stan on Tuesday afternoon . I will have to check with EEOS unless you already have . Sorry for the delay , I had to talk to Rod .
Thursday morning works for me . I would also like to include Jan Moore and Lindy Donoho . Thanks
The 2002 Plan Review with Stan for Wessex will be from 8:30-11:00 in EB 5029 on Wednesday , October 3 . Thanks Tracy
Rod mentioned to me last week that we would only review Wessex on Wednesday . Do we need to schedule something for the rest of Azurix ? Thanks Tracy
Thank you . You are so good to me . I am feeling a little shakey this morning . Its really nice knowing you are there for me . I miss being with you . I love you .
When is Stan available ? Probably will take no more than 2 hours .
Yes , I will work on it .
I believe so because she is working on individual execs compensation . Thanks
sure
Can you verify please
Are we still going to do depreciation by function for the 2002 Plan ?
I also need to talk to you about EGS targets for 2002 today . Thanks
lets discuss
Stan is available October 18 from 1:00-3:00 in his office . Will this work ?
I need the August year to date actuals tied out ASAP . I need to know what companies it includes as well . Thanks Tracy
Peggy , I have attached an invitation for Mother's Night Out for Mrs . Bryant's PreK class . I would like to send them in this Thursday's Friday folder . Please let me know if this is ok . Thanks Tracy Geaccone
Actually , you are a step ahead . I am in the process of sending out an e-mail to cancel that for all parties and have rescheduled for you and I to meet with Stan at 8:30 on 10/18 . Will that work for you ?
FYI
You are so good to me ! As long as we are together , it does not really matter where we stay . I would prefer a king size bed as opposed to two double . Although , if we mess up one , we can always use the other one . The Lay Reviews are supposed to be over at 5:00 , so any time after that . I don't really have a preference on the return flight . Love you
What do you think ?
No PGG ?
Thanks
We can probably do this . However , if Steve Harris has not approved by then , I will not be able to send . Why so early ? Why not first thing Friday ?
Is this ok ?
Azurix 2002 Plan Review Monday , October 29th from 2:30 to 5:00 in Stan's office .
We are meeting briefly with Danny this afternoon in EB 1336 . Let Audrey know if you want to call in . We can e-mail you something . Thanks Tracy
what time frame do you want for these projections ?
Unfortunately , something has come up and Stan will not be able to meet Friday from 3:00-5:00 . He would like to me the morning of October 5 from 8:30-12:00 in EB 5029 ? Please let me know as soon as possible if this will work . Thanks Tracy Geaccone
This is due on October 4 . Tod and Valerie lets discuss . Please call me .
I passed out the Corp format last Friday at with some detail of O & M by legal entity . I would like to have this by first thing by Monday . Please let me know if you can't do this .
thanks
yes
no problem
I will not attend . Thanks
Is Brian available ?
Actually , we are working with each group to see why their charges are up and we are trying to get them reduced . We will discuss with Stan at our ETS review and do further follow up if necessary . We actually met with Terry West and Dawn Derr last week to get their input and contacts .
James will send out a file with the cost elements listed shortly .
James will send something out shortly
Sure . Let us know when they are and if any of the other EGS groups have questions maybe they can sit in ?
What do you think ?
Rod and I will be in Portland that day .
Is this my $10MM
Please take me off the list and add Jennifer Lev . Thanks
We leave the Enron hanger to fly to Portland at 7:30 that morning .
I will not be able to make it .
Greg Lewis sent me the user count I will try to look at it the week of Oct 15 . They do have several Corp credits , not billing stock options and lower MMF .
Keith Dodson will be attending this meeting via telephone . Please make sure he has any handouts ahead of time . Thanks
Stan said last week that he would like to do a EGAS 2002 Capital Budget Review . When do you think we can do this ?
What do you think ?
Cindy , Please ask Stan if he is okey with the attached agenda for the Lay 2002 Plan Reviews .
okey . I already responded that I could not meet on Friday . Since we will be out of the office , I will need the extra time .
If they can split by business unit they must have by company . The FERC nor the partnerships will accept these charges unless we have the data to send the costs to them . I really need something like yesterday . I thought we had this resolved a long time ago .
Thanks
I love to make you happy . I have been having hot flashes all afternoon ! I would really like for you to spoil me forever . I love you , Tracy
I have attached examples from NNG presentation . Lindy , you might want to use accountability slide format .
I do not have a copy . Steve Harris sent to Danny directly .
I would say expect to file to TW slide for Sun Devil . I am checking on the connections to gas fired plants .
ask her to let us know the outcome of the conversation tomorrow asap . thanks
The SAP costs were included in the ETS overhead in Adaytum . We have taken that out and added to each pipes Corporate Direct . The cost of $6.0 million will be divided equally amongst the four pipes . Mary will change all but NBP . Cheryl please make change for NBP . This is per Rod's instructions . When we get the user list we will revise . Thanks Tracy
I believe in 2001 it was $5.5 . Clean Fuels and HPL received some in 2001 and not any in 2002 .
let me know if you have any comments as soon as possible . thanks
What are these charges for ?
approved for view only
This should go against the environmental reserve on 1N9 . Can you help her out ?
I have attached the current estimate . I am not sure it is right because I was confused on how they have been booking it . I feel comfortable that the total year is right . Its the line that totals $118 for the year .
Attached is the resume for the interview I set up on Thursday , Oct . 18 . Rod at 2:30 and Michael at 3:00 Thanks
The 4th Quarter Forecast Meeting with Stan scheduled for Thursday , October 18 has been canceled . Rod and I will meet with Stan separately . Thanks Tracy Geaccone
Steve Harris was still working on the TW presentation . You or Mary Kay will have to call and ask him for it tomorrow . Thanks Tracy
I will give it a try .
none
Are you going to take care of this ?
After reviewing the budget yesterday , we noticed that goodwill was still being amortized in 2002 . We need to take that out of your numbers . Jim and Kiri thought it was approximately $14 million . Thus , PGG should have an IBIT of $270 . Please revise file and send back to me and copy Steve Schwarzbach thanks . Tracy
WE have a reserve . I will get back with you on the $ .
We have $1.0 million reserve on the books .
Please invite Steve Schwarzbach
okey with me
I would prefer the morning , but I am available in the afternoon . (  I have a halloween party for the kids later )
Please make sure your numbers go through me or Stan before we give them to Corp . Corp's request for these things should be coming through me in the future . Rod and I are meeting with Stan on Monday , October 22 . We would like to discuss your 4th Q numbers then if possible . Let me know . Thanks Tracy
I will be out of town . Thanks for the invite .
I have lunch with Danny that day . Can we try 2:00 .
let me know if we need to discuss . Thanks
I will approve . However , I feel there are too many operations people with access to move budget dollars around . Please review list from Danette Campbell and let me know who I can delete . Thanks
Congratulations . Well deserved!!! !
Some of you had a meeting with Stan on your calendars for Monday , October 22 from 3-5 to go over the plan presentations . This meeting has been canceled . Thanks Tracy Geaccone
Whenever its ready .
okey with me
I love you .
Where do we need to go for EREC ? It is better to fly commercial over and then take the Enron plane around when we get there ? Is this date ok with Adam ?
Do you want me to coordinate this through you or Keith Harris/Colin ?
I will check and get back with you .
Are there any cash issues surrounding this ? If so , who is going to handle ?
Can we discuss ? Wha about next the first of next week ?
It is actually $45 million . I would need I revised 3rd CE and also reflect the change in the cash flow forecast . I am sorry I did not get back to you sooner on this . Tracy
Please include Michael Ratner for Rod's team as well . Thanks
Actually , just the Corp planning requests . Thanks .
What are the Goodwill and FAS 133 adj ?
I don't see where we are in the loop below . Who will ultimately approve cash on these things ?
Stan would like to have a run through of the presentation for the Lay reviews on November 1 . Please see the agenda attached below for your respective group's time . We will be meeting in EB 49C2 . If you need to call in , the number is below . If you can not attend , please send a representative . CALL IN: PARTICIPANT CODE: 277217 * Toll Free Dial In Number: ( 800)403-2002 If you are calling in , please send your presentation to me ahead of time so I can make copies . Please feel free to invite anyone else you want to attend . If you have any questions , I can be reached at 713-853-7372 . Thanks Tracy
FYI . I should have copied you on the original e-mail .
Rod and I are meeting with Stan Monday afternoon , October 22 , to talk about the 4th Quarter . I have listed below the latest IBIT impact to Enron for the 4th Quarter that I have . Please let me know if there are any changes and provide any variance explanations if necessary . Azurix ( $24.2 ) including Marlin Clean fuels ( $21.1 ) Thanks Tracy
I think so!! ! Lets reschedule . I have to leave early to take the kids to the doctor .
Stan needs to see before we turn into Corp . or Wholesale . Lets wait before we turn into Corp . What is the last number turned into Corp for the 4 Q ? We really need to run Corp planning requests through Rod and myself to make sure we have Stan's okey . I would hate for him to be surprised . Thanks .
I think you are right . I will change the number . Thanks
What is my user id and password
sure
Thank you
see , I did send this out
Please make sure that the Corp Planning requests come through me , Rod , or Stan before they go to Corp . We need to make sure that Stan approves the numbers and is not surprised in Executive committee meetings , etc. . Thanks Tracy
Let me know once we have the final numbers and I will get with you on who is going to pay the bill . Thanks
We are scheduled to have a follow up meeting on the 2002 Plan with Stan on Thursday , Oct . 25 at 3:00 . I am not sure if you will call in for that or if Tod is handling the meeting . We can go over Lay review ideas again then . The agenda for November 1 has you at 4:30 Houston time . Will that work for you ? If not , are you comfortable with Tod doing it . Just let me know what I can do to help . Thanks Tracy
Monday am or Tuesday am before all Employee meeting
9:00 Tuesday
I am not sure if this made it earlier or not
Good morning sweatheart . Its really hard for me to be away from you . I think about you all the time . I love to sleep next to you and wake up with you in the morning . I really wanted to stay with you Saturday night . Maybe I can work something out for this weekend . Love you .
Any idea when or if we will receive the money ?
Please plan to attend a run through with Danny of your 2002 Plan Presentations for the Lay Reviews on Thursday , October 25 from 9:00-11:00 in 42C2 . For Omaha room 696 . Thanks Tracy
Should be expensed in the 4th Q
This meeting has been moved to Friday , October 26 from 9:00-11:00 in EB 42C2 , Omaha Room 696 . Thanks Tracy
Danny has asked that you attend this meeting with him . The ETS presentation is from 2:30-3:30 . Thanks Tracy
We will meet in EB 49C2 on Friday .
Rod thought you might want to sit in on this meeting . Thanks Tracy
I know , I have these too .
Please send cookie bouquet from Rod and I .
I will do a little work on this side and get back to you .
Can you help me with this ?
I really love you . I can't wait to be with you this weekend . I bet you are glad you listened to me and did not buy any Enron stock at $21 , considering it is at $18 today!! ! Love you , Tracy
FYI Tuesday , October 23 was Jan's 20 year anniversary with Enron .
I am planning to take her to lunch in a couple of weeks . You will all be invited . Thanks
thanks
I like the dinner group idea . What about lunch on Monday , Oct 29 ?
$2MM for what??? ?
Have the Steve Kean numbers been included in his budget and allocated out for 2002 ? Thanks Tracy
How about Nov 5 or 6 ?
FYI
opps , forgot the attachements
It was on already on my calendar . Thanks
I am ok .
I really miss you , too . I hope you had a good lunch . Mine was quite an experience . I will tell you later . Did you spill anything on your clothes today ? Love you , Tracy
No problem on the reschedule . What about Thursday , Nov . 1 ? Actually , Jackie is going to stay with her friend Claire . But , Garret is very excited about staying with Jake . Will that be ok ?
Approved . Please roll over November 1 . Please let me know if there is a problem .
see question #3
Do you want to coordinate with Lisa ?
Company name should be replaced by your business unit name . EGS in the page # should be replaced by the abbreviated name of your business unit , i.e . EGAS , EEOS , ETS , etc . This works better if you do this in the View , Master , Slide Master area . The O&M/G&A graph should include your direct business unit expenses , Corporate costs and other significant allocated costs . Please break out the Corporate and allocated costs for the ones that have increased significantly . Please use the Arial font . It may work better if you insert your slides into this template . We are suggesting that for comparison purposes for financial data we only show 2001 Third CE and 2002 Plan . If that does not tell the story you are trying to present , then do what you need to and we can discuss with Stan on Nov . 1 . I will not need anything in advance of the Nov . 1 meeting with Stan . However , I will need all presentations for the Lay Reviews at 9:00 a.m . on Monday , November 5 , or sooner , if possible . I will need to make books and have them copied prior to the Lay Reviews on November 8 . On Nov . 1 , please bring a copy for Stan , Rod , myself and a few extras . If you need any help or have any questions , please give me a call at 713-853-7372 .
EGAS ( 29.8 ) Includes tranfers in and out of other groups . Do we need to go over this to make sure the other groups are adjusted appropriately ? Clean Fuels ( 21.1 )
Stan only mentioned Rod and myself . You might ask him before I ask anyone else . Thanks
I will have Mary check into this when she gets back on Thursday . I believe it should be part of the allocation .
We don't report this info separate . I am afraid it will lead to alot more questions . I would prefer system average . Thanks
We should use previous quarter forecast .
I can't wait to see you tonight . If you have alot of things to do at home , I don't mind driving to your house after Jackie's conference . I have an Azurix 2002 Plan review from 2:30-4:30 , so I will not be at your staff meeting . I should be around until then . Love you , Red
I have some errands I need to run at lunch . I can pick my things up then . About Las Vegas , I never received a confirm on Danny Gains last week . I am not sure what happened , however , I called the Mirage directly and he is sold out that weekend . Anything else you would like to see ? What about for dinner , any place special you would like to go ?
I have spoken with Adam directly on this as well .
Can people dial in internationally with this number ?
Qestion 3: 84% throughput utilization against contracted-for capacity for September YTD .
Yes , Adam Umanoff needs it I believe . Why don't you contact his assistant Lorraine Telles .
Yes , we will go ahead with the meeting . Actually , I will cancel for everyone else and Rod and I will meet with Stan for November and December . Thanks Tracy
yes
Yes , I will be there .
Friday 2:00 ?
I should be able to make it at 1:30 .
I would plan on being at the meeting around 3:45 it shouldn' t take more than 15 or 20 minutes . Thanks Tracy Geaccone
The O & M/G & A graph needs to be done in two graphs . One for direct costs and one for Corporate costs . This way you can better see the increase in the Corp costs . Thanks Tracy
yes
I miss you too . Lunch was good . The bread pudding was the best part . I wish I could have been with you . Love you
I am not sure if I will be able to be there the entire time . I have an all afternoon meeting with Stan tomorrow that I will be preparing for .
This is for EREC not Azurix . So , don't worry about it .
I have Steve's slides . Eric do you have your slides revised including Transpecos ? I do not have that yet . Thanks
Please use the following e=mails , james.weitekamp@enron.com and tracy.geaccone@enron.com I would like to discuss how you two are spending your time and where we are .
WE are doing October .
I need to reschedule this afternoons call . What about Monday morning after 9:00 ?
thanks
This makes me very happy!!! !
My cell phone number 713-408-0929 still has not been set up to be paid directly by Enron . Please take care of as soon as possible . My e-id is 10003537 . Thanks Tracy Geaccone
I don't know if we have the Trailblazer info in house . Mike McGowan in Omaha would be the only one who might know . If he does not have it , we wii have to call Trailblazer directly . I don't know how to get in touch with Mike outside of the office . Can you wait until MOnday ? If not , I can try information in Omaha .
I want the payment from the final bill to go to the Corp account as well . I do not need the bill to go to my home address . I would like it paid through I Buy It . Thanks
No problem
FYI
Are you sure ?
Let me know if ICan do anything
What level of detail do you need ? I have a high level in my office . Jan has a lot of detail . Do you need today ? I can call Jan at home so I can get access .
IMight have something at the office . I can be there within the hour .
This question is for NNG ? Any idea . I will check and see what I have .
I thought she was asking about EIS charges ?
She actually left me a voice mail . Maybe we are talking about two different things ?
Its the SBA fees on the Base Gas deal that we did in 1999 and 2000 .
thanks
I have vacation scheduled for Friday , November 9 . I will be back in the office on Monday , November 12 . I will have my cell phone ( 713-408-0929 ) and Blackberry with me if you need to reach me . I will check voice mail a few times as well . Thanks Tracy
There is fair value but no goodwill .
Corp has been showing a previos IBIT of a positive $15MM for EEOS . I am not sure what you will see today . The attached file explains from the $15MM to the previous forecast of ( $35.9) .
FYI
Can you help with this one ?
What about this bvalgri in NYC ? There is not a phone # .
thanks Steve
Do you think you will need me to come back into the office tonight ? I don't want to let my nanney go home if you think you need me
I thought this one was canceled . So I declined to get it off my calendar .
Did you set up my Corporate . account for me ? My mobile number is 7134080929 . Please transfer the balance from my personal to my corporate . Thanks
The 4th quarter forecast meetings with Stan scheduled for Tuesday , November 13 at 1:30 and Thursday , December 13 at 1:30 have been canceled . Rod and I will meet with Stan separately . Thanks Tracy
I still need to understand why we are at the 4.45% and what we can do in the future if anything to control it . Can someone help me with this ? Thanks
Can you take care of this . Thanks
Have we talked to Jan Johnson about this any more ? I need to know the scope and estimated expense before we move ahead . I would still like to talk to Jan . I will give her a call next week . Thanks
On its way
Working on it
I like it . I would like to make sure we know the definition per group .
Is it over ?
Are you getting all the info you need ? 'ames should be in and I can tell him or Steve where to get schedules . I will leave my Blackberry on . Good luck !
Michael works for John and we have reviewed the 3rd CE with both . I can forward to you , I am curious as to what the report is that you are preparing ? Thanks Tracy
We are still trying to work through this . I should get back to you shortly .
Have a great work out . I wish I could go with you . Love you .
How is that ?  I don't have my work out clothes with me .
approved
Can you center map on slide for me . Its slide 2 . I need this pretty quick . Its for Danny McCarty for his presentation to Stan . Thanks Tracy
Did you have a good work out ? I enjoyed watching Soap Operas while the Vietnamese ladies worked on my hands and feet . I really miss you . Love you , Tracy
Actually , I don't need your map inserted because I can't have Northern Border in it . Can you center the one I already have in the presentations ?
Thanks!!! !
I hope I am not too late .
Clean Fuels ( 21.1 )
Are you going to join us for lunch ?
Should I bring you something back ? Have you heard from Stan on the O and M ?
I would use this along with the O & M schedules we sent you earlier . If anyone wants more detail they need to go directly to Stan Horton or Brain Stanely . Apparantly they have already worked up a plan . Thanks
Jan Moore Erin Copeland Steve Kleb Mary Botello James Weitekamp I know its all of my employees , however , they are all really good employees and have been considered as such throughout the PRC process . They are key to getting the plan/forecast/estimates done within ETS . Thanks Tracy
Lets see what Jim's group comes up with and then we can fill in unless you have something handy to help out .
I love you very much . I can't wait for us to be together again .
You might want to subscribe to this . They have some really good deals sometimes .
I am on the phone . I have not looked at anything . We can address when we get back . Have a good holiday . Thanks
Please see the three tabs for EGS and complete for your business unit . I will need this back to me by 2:00 today so I can consolidate and give to Corp by 3:00 . The numbers should be the ones consolidated to Enron only . Jim and Bob , can you complete the EGS IS tab for me for ETS and EOTT . Thanks Tracy
can you help with the EGS Burn tab please . I need back by around 2:00 .
Please disregard for PGG .
Please call me as soon as you get this . Tod is out of the office .
My cell is 713-408-0929 , my home is 713-664-0838 . I will also have my blackberry on .
I have revised it . Steve , I hope you have time to look at all the other ones that were tuned in to make sure thy are right .
Thanks for all your help on the latest Corp firedrill . Corp has notified me that they may call me over the weekend with questions . Please e-mail with a number I can reach you at in case I need to contact you . Thanks Tracy
Has your 4th Q changed ?
I heard that you asked for this in staff meeting this morning . 2002 Corporate aviation hours budgeted for: Stan 120 hours $510,000
Well , the stock price is down $1 and some change because of the 3Q 10Q . I went over the 4Q numbers with Stan . He was ok with them . I am either sitting in for him or accompanying him to the Whalley meeting today . Enron announced they are going to have layoffs next week . I am sure you have seen the e-mail . The office is quiet . How are things going up there ? Are you leaving this afternoon ?
It has been great to spend time with you . I am really going to miss you this week . I need a kiss before I leave . Don't forget to order your ham . Love you .
Can you have someone run a project report for me on Monday for work order #014107 on TW . Thanks
FYI . Highly confidential
I don't thing you need to until you get back .
Somber . I don't think people were surprised about the layoffs . I am planning to leave the office after the Whalley meeting unless you need anything ? HOw are thing going up there ?
Thanks . You have a nice holiday too .
Will you have to work ?
Meeting with Whalley was interesting . They are laying off 2000 people next week . Shutting down EGM , EIM , possibly EEOS , alot of Networks , Broadband and Corporate . I hope you are not working too much over the holidays . Have a good one . You can reach me by Blackberry or cell phone .
Iet me know if I can help . I will be back friday
What is happening to the stock price ? I heard it was at 5 ? Its not looking too good is it ?
Can you help me with this one ?
Can you tell me how much has been approved on this work order ?
Does this reflect what was in the TW Commercial 2002 Capital Budget that we reviewed with Stan ?
I am not sure if you received the answer for this one , so here it is .
yes . do you need something ?
It was a lady and we told her where you were . I will call and check .
I have Rod's staff meeting , but I can miss it if that is the only time you have available .
thanks
9:00-10:00 okey ?
Red Rock capital spend estimated $72 million for the 120,000/d
I need you to sign something right away . Where are you ?
I am not sure I understand what you need here ?
2001 Plan . I don't really have a current estimate so to speak . Will that work ?
no
Are you ready to go ?
Sure . Just e-mail or call me when you are ready .
Can you guys help me with this one ?
Is this cost center listed on our cirect corporate charge list for 2002 or 2001 ?
Any special requirements i.e . # of reviewers , peers , etc. ?
FYI we sent this to treasury at their request .
I was planning to attend .
What do you think ?
I will join your call around 1:30 and I will leave around 1:50 . Let me know if I miss anything .
I will be listening in fr a little while
Steve Gilbert is working on this . How soon do you need it ?
I need you to onsolidate into one schedule for TW . Get with Mary for format .
I hope to have before the end of the day .
Is there a meeting with Kevin Howard today on this ? I would like to attend if so . Thanks
I have a meeting with Stan on Dec . 13 . I will see if I can schedule for the following week .
I am working on it .
2002 is actually 15 million . WE will reformat and send to you shortly .
tab one is for 2001 tab two is 2002 . Let me know if there is something else .
Ok . Did you tell Steve ? I Guess that's additive to my stretch ?
I am in a due diligence meeting until 6:00 . I can review afterwards and get back to you tonight . Is that ok ?
I am okey with this . Thanks Tracy
I can get them
steve kleb can help you .
yes . have you heard the latest . S&P downgraded us triggering 3.3 billion in debt due and they have halted trading at $1.1 .
Usually Paul Garcia works with Susan Ralph
approved
ok . everyone is panicing around here . any thoughts ?
I have currently taken over the COMED power market and was needing to recieve access to Enron Online . My ext . # 6203 . Thanks , Michael Carson
got it!!!! !
I am going to try to make it up for pig , or I should say the drinking done during PIG,,,, , I know Vogel and Besch are going too ! What have you been up to? ?
I am trading power still . . . but with a lot bigger "BAT" to play with I guess ! We are doing fine . . . actually we are trying to buy a house.....and oh yeah . ... . Heather is pregant !
Any plans for the "green holiday"????? ?
So,,, , will you guys be up for a few brewskies on Friday? ?
give me a call: at home 743-807-7507,,,,,,mobile: 281-381-7332..... . giddy
yes
comed sucks !
go cougars !
I'll take two , , , if possible
where are you at?? ?
did I tell you about our trip to Mexico a month ago... . we did some cenote dives(cave dives)... . it was awesome!!!! !
what is up... . are you up for beers on saturday? ?
PAGER#877-306-6979 <--- BEST way to get me!!! ! get Druuuuuuuunnnnkkkkkkkk !
I just heard the best value beer at the new stadium is the "Half-Yard" ! I'll take dos .
Dis we get a rental also? ?
give me a call at work about tonight.......713-853-6203
Oh yea! ! what is up///// Are you going back to Manhattan for PIG? ? I hear Kalberg is going to streak aggievile , lose his glasses , puke on himself , then piss in his bed ! Anyway,, , I was just out your way snowboarding in beaver Creek... . it was awesome ! Where is Besch at anyway,,, , did he move or something? ?
got it,,, , thanks !
got it
GOOD STUFF!!! !
Please give me access to execute on EOL for the Short-Term Main book . Thanks , Michael Carson
Did you guys need me to make a hotel reservation for you guys??(Holiday Inn sound good??).... .
Your confirmation # is 67192516 , Holiday Inn Saturday night.... .
not much , ,, , just got back from chicago ( visit to comed),,,,, , drank enough to kill a mule ! that town is awesome ! what have you been up to? ? have been out with darren yet... . it ain't pretty ! the kid !
Just thought I would drop everyone a note to let them know that my wife(Heather),,,, , is Pregnant!!!!!!!..... . We've known for a while , but decided to wait till after the first tri-mester to tell.... . We are both VERY excited ! She is due mid October....Also , we just purchased a house.... . our new address is: Mike & Heather Carson 4114 Riley giddy up !
have not moved yet..... . so still the same....713-807-7057
Here is the name of an apartment finder in the Kingwood Area,,,,, , Hope to see you Saturday !
COMED is always SLOW.......... . the kid !
what is up! ! did you move or something? ? How is the BBQ place going? ?
I've gotten this joke for every school , ,,,, , I thought the KU one was a lot more funny of course ! Life is all about a "Six pack and a Sun-tan!"
I love my house....Are you coming to Oklahoma in June with your Dad? ? We were thinking about going fishing!! ! Mike
Where are you at now?? ?
Did you come in town this wk end.... . My new number at our house is : 713-668-3712..... . my cell # is 281-381-7332 the kid
When is your big day again???? ? keep me informed! !
First of all I can't believe you have a girlfriend...... . does she shave her legs?? ?
Just give me a call when you want to go ! 713-807-7507 dirty!!!! !
what time are we meeting at your place tonight?? ?
Heather and I just had the sonogram yesterday,,, , and it is a boy!!! ! He is due in October... .
NO can do on the 23rd....I thought you said the 17th..... . heather's grandparents 50th anniversary is the 23rd !
I'm in!!! ! I really need a beer !
I think we are going to name the baby after your new boss at
Yes , ,, , still trading at ENRON... . very big company but it seems very strong.... . when were thinking of having a party for Michaelis? ?
my wife will be out of town,,,, , but that means more beer for me !
give me a call at work sometime.....713-853-6203
please send this info to Rob Benson as well
Just got your voice mail at the house this wk end... . We have just moved into our house and had not checked that # for a couple days...... . I had wondered why I never got a reply from you on the e-mails I sent..... . I guess we know now ! Update..... . if you did'nt already know , ,, , Heather and I are having a baby boy due in October... . We are both very excited!!!! ! Got to go....stay in touch
Michael Carson 4114 Riley
FYI--- Kenny's girl friend is throwing him a surprise party tonight at Cadillac Bar(7:00)..... . call me for info....713-853-6203 or cell:
Heather
what time and when do we get the pork??? ?
Saturday sounds good! !
any lips and a-holes with that? ?
what is up with you? ? the baby is doing great ! Are you still at Power with smelly hands? ? still partying like a rock-star
It's a boy...........and he is hung like a horse !
WHAT IS THE CROSS STREET ON RICHMOND? ?
Are you guys up for a little guys night out tonight? ? Call me 713-853-6203 or leave a message for me at home 713-668-3712 .
WHAT IS YO # @ WK? ?
what is up? ? . ... . we need to have a beer sometime !
are you up for golf saturday or sunday? ?
got us a tee time at Hermann @ 11:17am saturday morning...anyone else want to play? ?
Go vote for the Cats!!!!! ?
SORRY...just got the email this morning...i was out of town''''
what is the id and password? ?
total damage for the wk end is $170.00
I'm coming up on the 8th for the ceremony... . I got the air tickets yesterday... . I am arriving in Baltimore at noon and driving down to DC..... . I need directions from BWI to the air base I guess . As far as accomidations,, , just let me know??? ? giddy up !
You guys are coming down the 29th of July??? ? right ?
Did you get your B-day present? ?
Are you the ex-avista employee party coordinator or something? ?
can i sleep on your lawn? ?
LOVE YOU MY LITTLE POD! !
Wus up! ! Just wondering if you give me directions from BWI to our accomidations on the base? ? I will be arriving at BWI @ 12 noon . I rented a car , and I am driving down to DC . I will then take a cab from the base to the pentagon , ,, , I guess . Can't wait to see you ,  Jan ,  and the kids !
I will be taking a vacation day on August 8th , and a half day on the 9th . thanks , mike carson
i'm in!!! !
GOLF THIS WEEKEND ANYONE? ?
Some friends of my wife and I are throwing a little bash on the evening of September 9th for my upcoming baby BOY . I would like to invite you all to attend . I believe there will be a margarita machine... . If you want to come, , please reply by sending me your address . You will then recieve an invitation by mail . Hope to see you there, , Mike
bring the kids... . but they can't have any booze !
what is your address? ?
What is your address? ?
Cesar is at Tractebel . ...... . Him and Jason Armenta together , ,,,,, , what a combo !
are you guys still in for dinner tonight.......6:30 at our place ! give me
are you staying with brit's parents? ?
I think you left your watch at my house on Friday night.... . You can come by and pick it up any time this week.. . Also,,, , we need to figure out where to watch the Cats this Saturday?? ?
sorry I have not had a chance to call you back . . . will call you this wk end !
Big Mack,,, , Just give me call when you are coming down for the DUKE interview . ... . Our Department head wants to go out to lunch with you . .... . casual lunch type thing... . they were very impressed with your resume ! I also played you up like you da man!! !
I will have to get into meather's planner tonight..... . but I think I can get it..... . I will try to give it to you this wk end
BBQ pork..... . let me think?????? ? Oh yeah !  we're in !
Please change my book from "Short Term Main" to "Short term SERC" Mike Carson
giddty up ! give me a call 713-853-6203 what is your #? ?
what is Mansfield's #at work? ?
Heather and I just want to thankyou for the Air force book you sent us . We love it ! Heather sat down , and read the whole thing last week end.. . She can't believe you used to fly a C-5 . Anyway , , , thankyou so much .
cc: Subject:
ANTOINE SMITH PEERLESS PRICE TONY GONZALEZ GIANTS DEF
give me a call today! !
what are you doing in Denver?? ?
yeah I know,,, , it has been a while... . the baby boy is due in mid October(about a month)!! ! We are really excited.....what school are you going to out there.. . and what are you majoring in?? ? You are lucky to be out there in colo , , , it is stilll 100 degrees down here !
Are you in Dallas yet? ? what is your company e mail? ?
NO problem/// we need to get together sometime......... . the kid !
def-- giants
RB - A sMITH rec- ANTONIO FREEMAN REC--JERRY RICE DEF- NY GIANTS
will do....... . heard sweaty "a" will be trading ENT
A . Smith REC--A . Freeman J Rice P . Price d- Giants
no attachment
screw blair !
REC -- A Freeman REC -- J Rice REC -- T Gonzalez DEF -- NY Giants
Good stuff! ! Looks like it is going to be a GREAT game ! very excirted,,,, ,
This # is not working?? ?
Hey dude , ,,, , I actually just got back to work today. . had a 8 lb baby boy ! Actually not going to the game this wk end because of the new tike.... . don't actually know my schedule for the game but let me know what you are doing . .... . Also , , , we do need to go to dinner sometime as well
I can't view any of your pics? ?
Can I pick up kimble anders of the chiefs?? ?
REC -- A Freeman REC -- Jerry Rice REC -- T Gonzalez DEF -- Giants
RB -- Eddie George REC-- Antonio Freeman REC-- Jerry Rice REC-- Tony Gonzalez DEF -- Giants
I believe , ,I am 7 & 2
Hey guys , ,, , thankyou very much for the baby outfits.. . Heather and I both loved them..... . We can't wait for you guys to meet him...... . We took him to the doctor today for his two week chk up and he weighed 9.5 lbs . That is up over a pound... . he eats like a horse and is very healthy... . the next goal is to get him to sleep at night ! Mike and Heather
I still believe I am 7 &2 NOT 6 &3.. . look at the week by week
Here are some pics of my new son , Mckennan Harris Carson , 8lbs 7oz , born on
what is devin's new e-mail
MY RECORD SHOULD BE 8 AND 2
give me a call @ 3-6203
REC--A . Freeman REC--T . Gonzalez DEF--NY Giants
I'm in on Key West !
looks good !
REC-J . Rice REC-- T Gonzalez REC-- A Freeman DEF-- NY Giants
rec-- a freeman def --giants
What is up ?  ? What do you think about the cotton bowl?? ? Are you going? ?
what is the attire for the rehearsal dinner??? ?
what is the attire for the rehearsal dinner? ?
[Carson , Mikew [Carson , Mike] w hat is the attire for the rehearsal dinner? ?
strong !
Here you go.. . Let me know what you think??? ?
I did get them , ,, , and they were GREAT ! I especially liked the one of tity-mariny! !
SHE WOULD LOVE IT !
Me ,  my wife , and my son(8mo old )  will be attending !
Coat- 44R Waist- 36R Out Seam - 42 The KID !
Stop by my desk any afternoon after 4:00pm...3116a Mike
Are you going to Phil's wedding?? ? Carson
Phil's wedding is Thursday Aug 23..phil had ask me if you were coming???........I have a room in York , Nebraska where the wedding is,so you can crash there, , no wife , and no kid , , , on this trip,, , so let the games begin ! hope you can make it !
Are you going to the happy hour tonight @ Sherlocks?? ?
Have you decided whether you are going to the wedding? ?
"Wayne" is my middle name . Are you getting nervous yet... . not too much longer!! ! I am looking forward to meeting your bride,,,, , See you in two weeks !
Actually not going to be there till friday afternoon...but to compensate for not coming on Thursday , I plan to "tie one on" Friday night!! !
I get into Lincoln at about 1:30.. . so should be in York by 3:pm.....ready to rock !
Just let me know when I need to do the tux thing... . I'll wait for you guys , ,, , if you don't mind... .
give me a shout if you get this before 5pm....713-853-6203
WHAT IS YOUR # AT WORK? ?
I will be out Friday 8/24/01 to attend a wedding . Paul Schiavone will be running my products . Thanks , Cell: 281-381-7332 Page: 877-306-6979
It looks like they may be wavering a bit . The only catch is that the redirect must be done 2 days ahead of time. . Also , there must be firm transmission available on the redirected path . Currently , in the short term at least , there is no firm transmission to any place of value,,,,ie SOCO , AMRN , TVA . Entergy is still , unfortunately , LONG JAIL.. . If you guys read this notice any different , please let me know .
Actually I am going to his wedding this wk end in Nebraska.......Here is his email: WentaPB@phoenix-cement.com I'll have to come and visit !
JCS is a K_Stater!! !
K-Stater ,  , as the CJS , ,, , What is the world coming to??? ?
What are your guys plans for the USC game this Wk end? ? Cold Beers sound GOOOOOOOOOOOOD !
Evidently , there is a NEW SRO over by the old one , ,, , where they are having the watch party... . all new Tv's ect...,,, , same cold beer(what matters)... . what do ya think about that? ? see attch below----> Hey - Cat Fans Only 5 days until the first game and the first watch party of the year for the KSU Wildcats ! An event that we all have been eagerly awaiting ! Good luck to all of you that are going to California . Bring back a victory ! For those of us staying here in soggy Texas , don't forget to come to the SRO in the Northwest Mall at 5:30 this coming Saturday to watch the game! ! Northwest is located at the intersection of the Highway 290 and 610 Loop West . The SRO opens directly into the parking lot facing north . Check our web site for more information houalum.zk-state.com . As we have said before , this new SRO has outstanding new televisions and a great sound system . The whole place is new and quite spiffy . However , they still have the same outstanding hamburgers ! Our new Houston Alumni Club polo shirts are in and will be on sale Saturday . Price is $35.00 and these shirts are really sharp ! Purple of course , with black collar and cuffs with a white stripe . Shirts are perfect for casual business wear and you can boast about Kansas State at the same time ! We have a limited amount so come early to get your shirt ! We have ordered new purple tee shirts but have not yet received them . They should be here by Saturday and the price will be $15.00 . SEE YOU SATURDAY ! GO CATS ! Joyce '85 and Ken' 57 Nesmith
I Can help , if Rachel can watch Harris.......Heather is out of town on Sat.....My Fee for moving Ties is pretty steep though ! . .... . 3 COLD BEERS!!!!!! !
and,,,,, , I love every minute of it !
like you read about !
like you read about !
#1 These guys can't even trade on EOL because they don't have an EEI in place with us . #2 , ,,all the legs of cal02 are out there . Tell them to add them all up , and divide by 12 .
College Game day on ESPN will be in Norman , OK for the game Saturday!! ! Be sure to watch... .
From one jail to another most likely ! the Astros just got their sphincters riped off!!! ! Go Sox ! When are you coming to H-Town to have a cocktail? ?
This looks fun ! I'll be in the moonwalk !
just got this note,, , I was out of town.... . will send you a detailed message manana !
It looks GREAT ! Thank you so muck for taking them.... . I can't wait to see the rest
I recieved this from an OU fan !
Here are some picures of my little guy........ .
I just wanted to drop you a note to let you know how sorry I am for forgetting about the Saturday move . I really have no excuse, , I just out-right forgot....Hopefully I can make it up to guys in some way . Mike C
give me a ring today or tomorrow . 713-853-6203
Thanks for the note,, , I'll be in touch,,, , Do you have any Hourly openings,,,Tacos Por toros!!!!!!! ! Just kidding.. . Anyway,, , Heather and I were thinking about throwing Ken and Jaime a engagement party in March,,, , would you guys be interested in helping plan it?? ? 713-853-6203Wk(could be temporary )
Still here , ,, , for now,,, , Just waiting around to see if our trading operation gets purchased.. . It has been a rollercoaster ! Anyway , , , How is th enew married life ? Have you moved to Colorado yet? ?
New proposition ! Looks like fiedler has got to score over 32 tonight.....He's never done that before has he? ? Lets say 70/30 split now ( Me with the 70%),,, , no matter who wins,, , I believe this gets you an extra $100 or so.. . Not such a bad deal when you look at the odds ! Give me a shout and will discuss... .
Yeah , it has been a little hectic as of late . I am still at Enron(for now) . I have been retained as part of the trading organization to stay with this entity to see if it sells . We go to auction on Monday and will see what happens? ? I guess the interested parties are UBS Warburg and Citigroup . Good companies , but I will have to see what the $offer$ is for me personally . Anyway , the family is doing GREAT and is looking forward to Christmas . Harris is about 14mos now , so he kind of understands the whole presents thing , which should be fun ! Have a happy holiday !
I will try to get some.. . I am having troubles with my computer today.... . Have a Happy Holiday !
It is WentaPB@phoenix-cement.com Did you have a good Christmas?? ?
do you have machart's phone # ? ? ?
Here are some recent pics of the "little man"... .
Right here baby ! Just came in to check e_mails , ect.. . I had a Great holiday season!! ! Sorry you couldn't make it down for golf.. . maybe next time....Give me a shout any time @ work,,, , I am trying to come in more as D-day approaches... .
I used to be able to get Nymex Access Natural Gas Quotes off of your Web Site . This Function does not seem to be working any more . Have you discontinued this product ? Mike Carson
EPMI needs you to buy: EPMI needs you to sell:
give me a call 3-6203
ACCOUNT: 40781075 ENRON CORP-ECT CASH SVC 30200745336 SAME DAY DR TRANSFER 270,040.00 USER REF:TWS000377578 REF: TWS000377578 ORDER: ENA CASH SERVICES CR BK: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK FORMERLY CHASE DETAILS:PRE PAY FOR JANUARY POWER INSTRUCT DATE:01/07/02 ADVICE TYPE:MAIL
John Suarez will be doing this deal tomorrow ( 1/9/02) . His extension is 3-5267 .
John Suarez will be doing this tomorrow ! His # is 713-853-5267 .
hopefully not at work,, , we don't have those water basins on the back of our toilets... . so,, , he would just be taking a shit on the handle(kind of messy)!!!!! ! KID
please fill out and forwrd to NE group.... . then , last guy sends it to Steve Luong
fill this out and pass it along . last guy send it to steve luong .
I Will Send you the "Wire Confirmation" later .
Just throwing out some spots for Ken's BP......what do you think about Miami ? ? ? Go'n to Miami,,,Miyamy yamy yamy ! Carson
Wrong # the first time... .
Please forward further wire confirmations to Ken Merideth , as well as to myself and Doug Sewell: Mike Carson
There is NO Tuesday markets available today . We can not wire cash on Monday due to the holiday . So , Koch will allow us to make to them an "estimate payment",, , aprox $250,000 . We will cover the postions on Monday . The difference in actual will be netted out of Tuedays payment . Michael Carson
This $27,880 will be subtracted from tomorrows wire(Tuesday 1/22/02) . This amount reflects the $250,000 prepay from last Friday(1/18/02 ) for the power purchased on Monday(MLK 1/21/02 ) for delivery Tuesday .
I will be taking vacation days March 13-15 . Twist
I have a UBS orientation meeting this morning . So if you could make sure the wire is completed , it would help me out . Also , send the wire confirmation email to : melissa.beckett@entergykoch.com Her Ph # is 713-544-5618(Please call to confirm she got it ) Thanks
Doug we have another deal at the Houstonian today... . could you take care of this again .
yep
Doing good... . My division ( Wholsale Energy Trading ) just got sold to UBS Warburg , a swiss investment bank... . I will start work for them in about two weeks or so . Other than that every thing is cool,, , Heather and I are getting ready for a trip to Aspen in next couple weeks and the "Little Man" is still growing like a weed ! How are things in KC? ?
de nada
Fellow students,,,,here is the format I used . .... . It doen't have all the info yet , but this should work . So , just delete my data and fill in yours..... . The KID !
I called , ,, , give me a shout when you get back form your 3 hr lunch !
Doug Sewell , takes spreadsheet to cash committee , 713-853-6337 Reginald Hart , Gets wire confirm# , 713-853-6653 On the email you send out include: Evelyn Aucoin Corry Bentley ?  Larry Cash Mark Confer Patrick Hanse ?  Elsie Lew Don Miller(Asset Mktg ) Paul Racicot Chip Schneider Doug Sewell Carl Tricoli Gwendolyn Williams
I was trying to get on some of the USAF Base sites . They seem to all be down . Have they shut them off for security reasons? ?
Here it is... .
you are such a shit.. . and yes i don't like you today! !
thanks - did it last week
i cant believe he said that - my IM is sandra brawner creative right! !
great joke i laugh out loud - the massage was great the best of luck to you i will say a prayer for your
Thank you very much for the invite .  However I will not be able to attend
not completed he didn't have the chance today . I was unable to close a Excell spreadsheet for me to install the memory
i dont book these trades
Wanted to say Hello . I must tell you I miss you , I don't have anyone to shake my head at anymore . Hoping all is well with the new position . Also wanted to thank you for calling Pam I do appreciate that .  There are plans are for my husband and I to meet some friends of yours this weekend . We are getting together with the Schnitzers and they have invited the Kushnicks .  Jon and Susan really enjoy them and have wanted to introduce us for some time now . Looking forward to the introduction . Again , I hope the job is treating you well . Best Regards , Sandra
thanks
you are most welcome . take care of yourself and your babies .
WOW that was very powerful . thank you for sharing this with me . it makes me want to make a few changes to my life , thank you have a great weekend maybe we can go to dinner late nexr week
spoke with Jeff this morning he doean't know these guys .  sorry - good luck
You know i will do anythint i can to help .
All is fine with one exception . Do not set up a product for the columbia mainline Thanks
Hello Bill , It was great to get your note today . I also think of you often . Thanks for the complements concerning Enron , as always I am very proud of Enron where we've been and where it seems we are going . Work is going well , Business with Prebon is still null . Has nothing to do with Cathy I think she is a great person and a good broker , it just doesn't seem like they ( Prebon ) has any good information and markets anymore . It is sad actually , ever since you left the group things have never been the same . YOU made a big difference there . Yes I would love to try and meet with you . I need more information though . Things are kinda hectic here and at home so timing is everything for me these days . Lunch is out of the question . So we are looking at drinks or dinner . the week of the 20th is better . The week of the 25th is not going to be easy cuz it is settlement week . Pam is doing fine . Still looking for a job . Hopefully something will happen soon . She had mentioned that you wrote a note , I guess I got the impression she had replied . She is a little stressed in trying to get things settled in her life so just give her some time .
How are you today ?  Must be busy , I havn't heard form you much . I am bored .
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you .  My mom had some surgery last week and I was in and out of the office . Thursday the 21st is not good for me . Kenny is going hunting ( birds ) and I will need to be available for the children . Let me know if there is another evening that will work>
Great ! I am glad that your trip is postponed - then we will be able to get together . Call me or write when you get thoses details . Looking forward to your visit . Sandra
I have received your E-Mail .
I have received your e-mail . Thank you for your thoughts .
I have received your E-Mail .  Steve , I have likewise done alot of reflecting about our dinner and the events that followed . As of now I have no plans to do business with Natsourse . You need to also be aware that this will include Gulf Coast Basis and Gas Dailys . Thank You
Steve , My opinion of your organization and the way they chose to handle themselves in a stressful situation , is such that I prefer not to have any business dealings with anyone in the entire organization . I am sure that Matt and Darryl are good people and good brokers . The bottom line is (  I do not believe you are getting ) that I do not want to , and do not plan to do business with Natsourse today or in the future .
Steve - will you call me , when you get a moment>
i dont get it
sounds great - but i am too conservative . That is alot of $$ for three days . And it is close to x-mas . Sorry - maybe later in the year ? I had a nice time at Bens party . Thank you for being you .
Hello . I dont understnd your response ? Are you talking about the retreat ?
Susan , We had the best time . Good friends , great experiences , weather ,  etc . Now we all want to move to Denver . I am glad that Bens outfit worked out so well . I thought it was cute and I could picture him wearing it when I purchased it . So-------are you still planning the retreat weekend ? I am soooo jealous . I would love to go but as I said I can not justify the expense . Any consideration to something a little more modestly priced ? Do you already have the plans made ? Call me or write me back . Hey - I am getting more and more excited about NYC .
We can go out of town - i would love to get away - have you heard about the hilton in Austin ? Call me today when you get a minute
Of course - come by and collect - I dont have my checkbook but you can put me down for a $25.00 donation
I have no idea what this means . Please explain .
I do not understand what this message is for and why i am receiving it .
Thank you for the message - i need it today .  It is 2:35 and i am exhausted - i need a cig and a beer . I love you . Sandra
Thanks - I love you
I would love to but i can't this week . Maybe next week . But you guys please go on without me .
Again sorry Susan but I can not make it this week . I wish I couldbut I have been out too much latley with work . Thanks alot for the invite . Please give Pam my best . Have Fun !  !
She is precious..... . I need a baby fix................. .
I don't remember who I used .  Let me look and I will get back to you .
I am out of town on monday and tuesday i am off ( vacation day ) wednesday kenny is hunting so yea right now i can only go thursday .  But this is silly you and I and susan can get together the week after.. . Visit wtih your out of town friend .
Thank you for doing this .  I am in Kim .
I understand completly - these transactions are going through Enron Online - I have NO control on these trades if the customer has gotten approval from EOL . Thank You
thanks for the information - you know us traders always looking for more info .
Sorry I missed the meeting .  I just now am reading my E-Mail messages form yesterday and today .
Tami , Thank you so much for your invitation . I think it is a wonderful idea . I , however , will be unable to attend . Thank you againn and I am sure that you will have a wonderful time .
Thanks Tami - I wish I could make it . You gals have fun .  Send my regrets to everyone .
A Merry Christmas wish to you and yours . I still miss you much Bill . Have a safe and warm Holiday .
Jeff , Just a quick note to say "thank you" for your comments at year end . I sincerely appreciated your comments and support . I hope your Holidays were safe , healthy , and happy . Say when am I going to see that new home of yours ? You know it is hard to continue to live vicariously through you if I don't know what to picture ! Sandra
hi just got to my emails - i will call yo on my way home tonight
i think part of the problem is only physical jobs are available at enron running your own book is something they just dont hire outside the office very often . of course this is the gas side only
I AM LOL - GAS OR TERDS 0 OKAY OKAY - I AM SORRY - I DIDNT KNOW THAT YOU WOULD CONSIDER TRADING PHYSICAL THEN YES I THINK YOU SHOULD CALL SCOTT
scott phone numbers are 853-4723 and i guess his email is scott neal @ enron . com ? - good luck - love ya
Hello Susan - Happy New Year - I hope all is well with you and yours . The best of luck getting organized . The Brawner's home 281-855-8797
thanks you for this - i love it
Smiling . At your comments about Samantha - yes she did - and yes she is amazing . Our Holidays were wonderful . Our New Years was no big deal at all . We ( Kenny and I ) were a little under the weather and therefore did nothing - I went to bed at 12:01 .  anyway - love to get togther for dinner soon . have aq nice week . Think warm thoughts Susan- Sandra
Smiling - thnks that is so true . We missed you last night
thank you for the invite . But I will not be able to attend . Sandra
Wes , Thank you for the BD wish . I appreciate it more than you know . I have been in a real funk lately and special thoughts help alot . Have a nice weekend . Again ,  Thanks . Also "THANKS" for the market help today with Transco zone 1 . Warmest Regards , Sandra
JON SENT ME THIS TODAY - I THOUGHT IT WAS MORE OF A MANS JOKE- IT IS LONG BUT KINDA FUNNY
Hello Matt- I am not verifying these transactions via EMail - for no other reason than time . We should send you a confirmation by now . If you need to confirm these please call Jeff Royde @ 35295 . thanks
I appreciate your note and yes it has been awhile since we spoke . I do chat with Ray occasionally . Steve without sounding abrupt I still have no intention of doing business with your shop . That situation was difficult for several of us involved , and it is not something that I believe I will forget . nor understand . Sincerely , Sandra
I can go Monday but I can't Tuesday . How are you Pam ?  Can you / will you forward to Susan .
Just a quick note to welcome you and congradulate you on your new endeavors . Warmest Regards , Sandra
Just wanted to congradulate you and wish you much success in your new endeavors . Warmest regards , Sandra
Who is Joey ?
Well Now - how interesting - - They were cute .
Good Luck - I hoped I helped -
Are her eyes blue or what ? She is beautiful , congrats ! It has been nice getting reacquainted with you .
Louis - Again as we spoke this morning - all these deals have ben transferred to Eric Bass . ALl the "unwinds" should go through him . Thanks , Sandra
Thanks for the laugh . It was perfect . And FYI "you" are the face i am holding under water .
Thanks - I actually rec this one earlier this year - i thought it was funny . I am understanding that you may be out of town alot in April... . Are you still planning to have a party for scott and allison ? If so do you know when yet ? I just curious so i can plan on a sitter . have a great day
NO I CALLED IT LAST NIGHT - EVEN WITH TOM THERE - I TOLD HIM TO MAKE SURE HE TOLD JON FIRST - SO I DIDNT HAVE TO TELL PAM - SO YOUR 'IT' SUSAN - TOM LOOKS GREAT AND SEEMS VERY HAPPY AND VERY MUCH IN LOVE - MY GUESS IS THAT BABIES WILL SOON FOLLOW HE EVEN TOLD ME WHEN AND WHERE HE PLANS ON ASKING HER "THE QUESTION"...CALL ME WHEN YOU GET THIS - SO WE CAN CHAT - I CANT CALL YOU REMEMBER - YOUR PHONE WONT TAKE MY CALLS FROM THE OFFICE
i would love to ! ! !
Hey - I just checked my E MAils for the day . Sorry to hear about the interview with AEP . I really am quite surprised . Did Kayvon say why they didnt want to give you an interview ? I believe your thinking correctly ,  you need to seriously consider the Balitmore job . And dont forget there is that possiblilty with AGL in Houston . Correct ?
Need you ? Why would we ! Smiling
thanks - that was funny
THOUGHT YOU WOULD APPRECIATE MY SITUATION HERE . NOW YOU TELL ME - HE IS NOT MY FRIEND HE IS BROKERING ME FOR MY BUSINESS . HE DID THIS NOW BECAUSE OF THE ENRON NATSOUCE DEAL . RIGHT ? PLEASE BE HONEST - I TRUST YOU
Well Ray as you might as well have guessed your timing does suck . All this time has gone by and the day Enron does a "deal" with Natsource , you decide we should have a drink and share a meal . You guys will never cease to amaze me .
i am confused---i thought you guys are coming over friday evening for dinner
Please sign me up for a space in the new garage .
No problem really- Glad I could help
Too Funny !
Learn the ins and outs of filing after mid-April deadline Tribune Media For the many millions of individuals who have yet to file their 2000 income tax returns , there is no reason to panic . If you need more time to file your return , you can easily get a filing extension . And if you can't afford to pay your tax bill now , you can buy more time to pay up . While you may be subject to interest and penalties for payments made after April 16 , you can put off the day of reckoning for months without fear that IRS collection agents will come after you . There is even a loophole in the law that will enable many individuals to get an extra month to pay up without being assessed interest or penalties . Nevertheless , April 16 is a critical deadline for anyone who has yet to file his tax returns . You'll need to file either your tax return or an extension request by the deadline . And to avoid interest and penalties , you'll generally need to pay any taxes owed by April 16 . April 16 is also the deadline for making IRA contributions for 2000 returns and for making the first installment of quarterly estimated taxes for 2001 . Filing extension: If you'd like more time to file your return , getting a filing extension is simple . In fact , the IRS has expanded the options this year for obtaining a filing extension . You can now do it by phone , computer or mail . The traditional way to get an extension is to fill out IRS Form 4868 , "Application for Automatic Extension of Time to File U.S . Individual Income Tax Return" and mail it to the IRS by the April 16 deadline . If you're using tax-preparation software or a tax professional , you can file your extension request by computer . Or you can phone in your extension request by calling 888-796-1074 . If you owe the IRS money , another option for requesting an extension is to make the payment by credit card ( American Express , Discover or MasterCard ) on the Internet or by phone through one of the two companies the IRS has authorized for processing credit card payments . Details on the option are included in the Form 4868 instructions . By making the extension request , the IRS will automatically give you four more months , until Aug . 15 , to file your return . You can get an extension for any reason . No explanation is asked for when requesting an extension . But be aware that your extension request only gives you extra time to file your return , not to pay your taxes . To avoid interest and possible penalty charges , you must estimate how much you owe and make the payment with your extension request by the April 16 deadline . Unable to pay: If you can't afford to pay your tax bill , you should at least file an extension request by the April 16 deadline . Though you'll be subject to interest and possible penalty charges for late payment of your taxes , you'll avoid being hit with a late-filing penalty , which runs a steep five percent a month ( up to a maximum 25 percent. ) Installment plan: If you still don't have the cash to pay your taxes by the time your extension runs out on Aug . 15 , you can negotiate with the IRS to pay your balance due in monthly installments . You make the request for an installment agreement when you file your completed tax return using Form 9465 , "Installment Agreement Request." "Offer in compromise": If you can't afford to pay all you owe in taxes , even in installments over a period of years , you may be able to work out a settlement with the IRS . The IRS recently expanded its "Offer in Compromise" program , in which taxpayers in tough financial situations can offer to settle for less than they owe . Offers are submitted using IRS Form 656 , "Offer in Compromise." A loophole offers an extra month to pay up: If all you need is an extra month or so to come up with the cash to pay your tax bill , there is a way you may be able to get a short reprieve without being subject to interest or penalties . All you need do is take the IRS up on its offer to calculate your tax bill for you . If you're eligible for the offer , fill out your tax return , stopping short of computing certain totals , and send it in by April 16 . The IRS will compute your tax and send you a bill for any tax owed . If you pay within 30 days of the notice , you won't be assessed any penalties or interest . To take advantage of the loophole , your taxable income must be less than $100,000 and you can't itemize deductions . The full list of eligibility requirements and step-by-step instructions are contained in IRS Publication 967 , "The IRS Will Figure Your Tax." Retirement account contributions: If you hope to contribute to an Individual Retirement Account , the final deadline for 2000 tax-year contributions is April 16 , even if you obtain a filing extension . The deadline is more flexible for self-employed retirement plans . Contributions to Keogh or Simplified Employee Pension ( SEP ) plans can be made up until the due date of your return , which can be later than April 16 with a filing extension . Estimated tax deadline: For self-employed workers and other individuals who need to make quarterly estimated tax payments to the IRS , April 16 also is the deadline for making the first installment for 2001 .
Hello Kenny , Just a note to say Hello and that I love you .  I enjoyed yesterday afternoon . And I also wanted to thank you for getting up early this morning and fixing my coffee and my slim fast . That meant alot to me , more than you know . Enjoy your day - I will see you after my hair appointment tonight . Love and Kisses Sandra
Jeff , I needed to apologize for my inability to handle myself in more of a professional manner . I thought I had moved on from being an emotional basket case ,  but as we found out , I haven't. . Again ,  please accept my apology . I just need to move forward and stop reflecting on the past . It is so difficult when you have given your entire career for an organization that still doesn't see value in you . But , that is my problem not yours . In regards to your party ,  your right , I laughed at the invitation - ( It is so Shankman ) - Sorry I will not be able to attend . But thanks for asking . And lastly , Wes Walton how ? 2001 Candy Apple Ferrari ! ! !
Thank you for your comments .
Thank you for your comments .
Hello Kenny , Just a couple of things . One our stock is up again today now it is up 2 at 62$ I was wondering if we should sell some ? What is your opinion . Also I have some reading for you tonight - The Skiliing Story is all over the Gas Market . ( I told Ya) . I know that Clayton has soccer tonight - dont worry about dinner ,  I would actually prefer some of that Turkey tonight . I love you
Your just a little jokester today - What do you mean "try and fit me in your schedule" I will be there - and you will make the time for me -Because you have NO OTHER CLIENTS!!! ! thanks for the laughs i love you
You put a smile on my face with your message... . The reading material is no big deal - It is some Gas Rags story about Skillings comments . And your customer is completly happy with her trim - However ,  She ( me ) wants to be a regular client .
hey I am sorry but I will not be able to attend - But you know I wish you all the best - goodluck - stay in touch
Susan I would love to - but as usualy I cant - I have a Dinner Scheduled with Greg at APB Monday - and I am trying not to schedule more than one night per week for outings.. . Sorry - I really am - I would love to catch up - on your trip ,  on you ,  everything - Also - I dont want you to think that I am ever taking advantage of you - just like me know how much money I owe you for the Baby Basket . My house is still in working progress ,  but I got a few more things since you have been there , drapes ,  chairs , decorations , etc - and I LOVE IT- I cant wait to show you . And FYI _ - I MISSED YOU - You can never never go away that long again . Can I call you this evening on my way home ? Or you going to be busy ?
I know ( Greg ) but you gotta do what you gotta do . About the "Moms" day thing - I am thinking more like maybe not - They each have enough of the bath shit - and I dont really know what to do - What Ideas do you have . Neither of them are foo foo ish people . I hope you and Ben enjoy the Park today - that sounds wonderful
Sure family walk - I get the message ( finally ) I will communicate with you via E-Mail . ( Smiling ) I really dont know about my MOM's - I am kinda playing around with the Idea of hiring chef Wes and trasting them "special' ?  ? I dont know - what ideas do you have ?
And --FYI I Dont do pictures!!! ! ever -
And --FYI I Dont do pictures!!! ! ever -
I am sorry Ladies - But I cant see you guys this week .
I am sorry Ladies - But I cant see you guys this week .
Hi Ragan , I am sure this is a joke ,  but I dont get it. . Please explain - ANd I am doing fine - I am tired these days (  that age thing ,  you know) . How are things with you ? Enjoying the trading side again,n or are you missing the brokering side ? Thanks for the note- keep in touch -
I thought you would really apprecaite this... .
Big Smile - Well I guess if I had to be honest he is unique in the market place . I found him very interesting and confusing all at the same time . It would be nice to have a beer one day and catch up on old times . Take care
I thought you would really apprecaite this... .
I dont know how to reply - that is weird , scary , and sad .
Good Morning Susan , Just a couple of things....I had a ball at Tammi's party Saturday . ( you did also? ) And , IF you have any cloths from Ben start saving them for me...my brother and his wife are adopting Eddie and Alex , a story there i will share later . Have a nice day !
yes - i need the cloths to give to my brother and his wife - they are adopting the two younger boysa...alex and eddie and that is not all . ......i also learned yestersay my neice ( Kiley ) is pregnat again . Idiot ! anyway - i am hungry come take me to lunch !
Thanks you so much - for the information - i will be sure to share it with him. . He didnt come to work this week , he called in Tuesday abd resigned.........I have tried to reach him by cell but he hasnt returned my call . And NO ! Uncle Harry is not calling , writing , or more importantly using the POSTAL SERVICE !
Thanks , this gave me a nice chuckle this morning . I wish I had the nerve to send it to John Mckay ,  but i dont .
Now this is postive thoughts . This is thinking the glass is half full . I wish I were more like this . Life would be so refreshing if we all stopped whinning and looked at life this away... . I miss you , call me
Hi pick up it is me on the phone
Why are you so cranky ? Anything I can do ? Hey I spoke to my friend ( mike ) and told him about you and Jon - you know all the good stuff , how nice you guys are , what good friends we have become , that you all live in Greatwood ( like they do) , that you guys have a 2 year old son ( like they do) , that your families are all up North ( like thiers are ) and he want the six of us to have dinner so he and his wife can get to know you and JOn . ..Interested ?
When are you going to call Kenny and have him help you walk through getting Instant messanger - you will love it _ I promise
Colleen , I think you will find this very interesting .
sure no problem - but I dont have any idea as to who I am interviewing or where I am suppose to go . WIll this information follow later ?
I thought you would like this
Where do I begin ? I guess I could start with several excuses or reasons to justify my behavior on Friday , but the truth is there aren't any . I only am left with total humiliation and embarrassment for my actions , words , and behavior . Please accept my sincere apology . Sandra
As I sit here this Wednesday morning and watch ENE trade $15.80 I can not begin to explain the pit in my stomach . I have been an employee of Enron since June of 1984 , I have never written a memo to my CEO to express opinions and or ask direct questions . I can not believe that the individuals that are responsible for this catastrophe are still employed . And I guess I need to understand why ? FIRED THEM !  It is apparent to me that the information we have given to the market place is not sufficient enough . "THEY" don't trust us anymore . Get a plan of action , attack it , and save this company .
I had mentioned to you last night that I would forward you the memo I sent my CEO of Enron yesterday . Today seems better here , not so much anger around the trade floor . This is our BID Week so we have alot of business to take care of . And as of 9:11 this morning our stock is actually up slightly for the 1st time in weeks . Hopefully , we can close ont he Highs .
Scott , Just a quick note . I believe you did a great job this afternoon in communicating with your group about Enron's "cluster." Today I have found this overwhelming since of Pride for this company and I don't want it to fail . So if there is ANYTHING I can do to help please let me know . I am in for the challenge and the long haul . Sincerely , Sandra
Louise , Sempra Energy has called and asked to "cover' outstanding positions with Enron . They have done some deals with me this morning via EOL , as well as a "sleeve" with EPNG in order to minimize their exposure with us . Indications were that they have longer dated power and other gas positions that they want to minimize as well , I advised them to call the respected traders first , as apposed to calling voice brokers , to see what they can facilitate .
I have no idea what this e-mail is suppose to mean to me ?
I thought I would share with you some of the E-Mails I get from my firends in the business that I am in - we ladies tend to share theses with each other - because we work in a mans world .
Brad , I really don't know where to begin other than just to say it . Enron is having some extremely difficult times now . I have been trying to focus on helping Enron stay together . This is not a good time for you or anyone else to try and seek employment here . I am sorry if I am letting you down . I was only wanting to help . I will always keep you in mind , and hopefully when things turn around here I will be able to address you coming here .
Here is some "light" reading for you . Print this one out , get a coke , and a pack of cigs . Enjoy ! The author got this one right , this has been my life and many many others for a long time --- this is what enrons culture has been like for years .
Laughing ! thanks for relaying the message to your brother , I had told him I sent him an Email and he just insisted he didnt get one , now I guess we all know why . . . I am glad your enjoying school so much , I look forward to seeing you for the Holidays also . Any Christmas suggestions this year ? Take care- and I owe you and your brother some "hamburger money" I will take care of you guys at Thanksgiving . Take Care Sandra
I thought you may appreciate this .
yes i have read that one . Rotten tomatoes appear to be all around enron .
jim schwieger sent it to me i thought you would enjoy his commetns
Tom , I sat and read your letter and again my heart stopped beating . My life too has changed forever . I too will never be able to work HARD for a company believing that my best interest are being considered . Lets all hope , pray , and believe that one day , some day we are better , stronger people for having learned such hard lessons . I applaud you for your honesty . Sincere Regards , Sandra
My friend Pam who is in my business and my circle of friends . ENjoy this Colleen .
thanks - Dont be so nervous with me - I am not as bad as "they" make me out to be - smiling
no - just a chance to sell more
Enjoy
Enjoy
cokes dr pepper ( drinks for both houses , cococ& nana ) ice ( for both homes ) plastic cups ( for both homes ) paper plates 2 large cans of green beans ( cut not french ) 2 cans of cream of mushroom soup milk Durkee canned onions ( 2 cans ) buy a couple of pies ( for nana house ) I have bought tamales to take to both homes . thanks - Love you again
Please advise me if you received my package . The service that was used was interesting and didn't give me a comfortable feeling . Thank You Sandra Brawner
John , I need to get with you sometimes soon to make those changes to my contract ( 2001 bonus) . I was in somewhat of a rush yesterday evening and neglected to make the changes you had advised me about . I have already forwarded the information back to Enron . Thanks
Again - You will find in my EOL "today's transactions" a buy for 2 a/day dec nymex swap at a price of 2.805 . These swaps were in error - John Arnold had advised me that these swaps were to be cancelled . Thanks Sandra
David , Per a conversation with John Lavorado he mentioned that an amended agreement was coming for my signature . I was curious as to when I should be expecting the amended agreement , could you confirm please .
Yes , I signed and returned the original one last week . Your assistant verified that Enron had received it . It is the revised one I am curious as to the status .
Yes Susan sounds good to me . let me know - and I would advise you to double check with Brennans to make sure they do still shuttle .
I believe 1 .
I have a seperate system . 1
Hello Chance , I have no idea what you are referring to .
