are spouses invited ?
Thanks very much ! Fletch
Thanks Julie ! Looking forward to a great new year ! Fletch Thanks Sue ! Glad to be of help and look forward to a great year 2000 ! Fletch
Thanks man ! Fletch
No thanks , but I did pick up a pre-owned Jaguar...sweet ! Congrats to you too . Hope to see you out again soon...Thanks again for your help with Coal info . Fletch
I appreciate it ! Hope all is well with you...we're doing fine now that the flu made its way through our house . Fletch
We're still working on it for you ! I'll keep you updated as I know more . Fletch
Sally , Congratulations on your promotion ! Good luck with everything . Fletch Sturm
Patti , What do I do with this now ? How do I get the $50 ? Can I wait and get a series of months reimbursed later or do I have to go through this every month ? Fletch Sturm
Louise , I mentioned an idea to Jeff Shankman the other day about providing some charting and other types of tools to EOL users and he asked me to get with you . He said you were already working on some additions to the website . I would really like to participate in the development of these tools , so please let me know when I can get with you and discuss my ideas . Thanks , Fletch Sturm
Louise , Yes , I'd like to get together as soon as possible . I'm available this afternoon ( Fri ) or Tues . next week in the afternoon . Let me know . Fletch
yes , that's fine Fletch
Jeff , Below is a list of items I'd like to discuss with you when we both have time(?) . I just wanted to brief you first . I'm thinking about having a meeting with the basis traders every morning from 8:15 - 8:30 after each trader has gathered information from their desk meetings . This would be the optimal time to strategize as a group since changes in regional fundamentals and respective basis implications would be fresh in everyone's mind . Would it be okay to delay EOL market-making in basis until 8:30 ? I think it would be worth it . I think it would be a good idea to meet with leaders from other groups ( origination ( who?) , structuring ( who?) , Julie Gomez , and Fred Lagrasta ) on a regular basis to obtain new information on anything that might affect ENA's basis positions . Could you point me in the right direction as far as whom to involve and maybe notify them of my intentions ? Should we set up a new book ( under my management ) which would hold certain strategic positions such as spread trades and/or more complex structured positions ? I think it would be easier to manage that way by not being "cluttered up" in different books ( i.e . the P/L from these trades would be my focus instead of managed by other traders. ) Do you think the traders could eventually report directly to me ? It seems like more intense leadership might provide an extra push to the group . Talk to you soon , Fletch
I'll need to go another time...already have a meeting . I definitely want to see the demo . Fletch
Hey , Sorry I haven't read my e-mail in the past day and a half ( too busy selling) , but that sounds good . Fletch
ok , cool Fletch
Sorry , I have a meeting today , then going out of town for the rest of the week . I'll have to do it next week .
Bob , My one pass number is YY109954 . Thanks for the tip ! Fletch
that won't be a problem at all fletch
Kevin , Don't forget about us down here in the dusty old gas trading business ! Congratulations , Fletch
could you re-send to everyone and ask them to bring a copy of their one-month and summer basis positions ? thanks , fletch
thanks Coi Fletch
Congratulations Dave ! You're the king ! Fletch
Greg , I've been working with an IT guy here who has been building a spreadsheet for some of us that can receive live prices from EOL . I've used this to build a real-time matrix which shows spread relationships between different gas locations , including variable cost analysis , NPV , etc . I think that this would be an extremely useful application to include on the EOL site , whether it is in Excel format or some homemade format . For example , Hunter and I were in Chicago last week talking to NICOR about analyzing the risk components of their PBR . We brought up this idea and they were excited about being able to more clearly see daily cash spreads , hedge MTD and BOM PBR price with Gas Daily swaps , storage utilization logic , etc . If we can develop an EOL - dependent application that is helpful to our customers in terms of how they make trading decisions , it will reinforce the importance of using our site over our competitors . Let me know what you think ! Fletch
Sorry , just read this e-mail and don't think I did the trade you are referring to . Let me know . Fletch
Greg , Check out a company called Opus 360 for recruiting IT people ( www.opus360.com) . It might be a good investment for the equity group too ( OPUS) . Fletch
Please put this on my calander for Wed ( 5/3 ) at 3:30 in 30C1 . Thanks , Fletch
thanks for the note ! we're doing fine and trying to get some sleep here and there...i'll e-mail pic's to you...take care . fletch
we're ok for now...thanks for checking fletch
Douglas , Thanks for your interest...My book does go into some option detail ( not really collars since they're a combination of the tools I discuss ) and plenty of swap transactions . Obviously , I think you would gain some insight for both your personal and professional interests if you go through it . Thanks again , Fletcher Sturm
NatGas is going to the moon on Monday !
Melba , The description you sent to me yesterday seems a little confusing...How about the following: Floating price A: Gas Daily midpoint for Henry Hub Floating price B: Gas Daily midpoint for __________ Buyer pays Floating price A plus applicable basis , seller pays Floating price B We should substitute your long description for "Gas Daily midpoint" above . Run this by everyone ASAP so we can activate these products . Fletch Sturm
Sheri , Robyn Menear is my new assistant on the FT-Central book . I'd like to have her set up to use EOL stack manager , product manager , and transact on the website . I believe she already has a login ID for the website , but I don't know about the others . In addition , her trades ( stack manager customer trades , and her own website trades ) need to go into my book ( FT-Central) . If you need me to do anything else in order for this to happen , let me know . Thanks , Fletcher Sturm
Scott , I'm receiving faxes from you guys everyday , and would just like to be taken off the global e-mail distribution . Thanks , Fletch Sturm Enron
anytime after 4:30pm is fine...I am at EB-3233C Fletch
Rain , I'd like to coordinate this with the other fellas ( Hunter , Scott , etc. ) Let's see if we can all go to the same one ! Fletch
Rain , Please put this on my calendar . Thanks , Fletch
Scott , Please take me off the global e-mail list.. . Thanks ,
yes , that would be fine . fletch
sorry so late Fletch
Rain , Please sign me up for the class on Fri . ( 8/11) . Thanks , Fletch
Melba , I'm sorry I haven't replied sooner , but there is a decision to be made about what type of product these should fall under...Gas Daily , or Basis . We're afraid that if we categorize them as Gas Daily , then anyone who logs onto the site looking for basis would miss these products altogether . The "US GAS DAILY HeHub - CHIC" is cleary the best description for the website . I'll get back to you as soon as we make a decision . Fletch
Please put this on my calendar if you haven't already . fletch
Sorry , but I've been out of town since you sent this . There have been a couple of errors pointed out to me since the publishing , most of which have apparently been somewhat obvious ( i.e . not difficult to figure out) . I'll look into this one and get back to you . Fletcher Sturm p.s . Thanks for your support !
If you haven't received the details yet , here they are ( Enron sells): If you need anything else , Fletch
Under the alternative "bumping" method , if the market is 3.75/5.25 and our EOL and ICE market's are both 4/5 in that case , would we pay brokerage if someone executes on ICE rather than EOL ? Fletch
Dale , I agree with your proposed changes fletch
Dale , The product that crosses monthly and daily swaps is the IF vs GD index swap that we currently offer . I'll call you later...no time right now to write more . Fletch
The following is a list of daily basis product names that we would like to create , all of which are US GAS BASIS deal type: GD/D TecoP-HHub ( short for Teco Pool ) I have put a call in to Mark Taylor regarding new product descriptions , but have yet to hear back from him . Fletch
one more change...NL1 change to NXL1
also , if "NL1" appears anywhere else , change it to NXL1 thanks fletch
these looks good to me except for the lower case "h" in the Hub phys that we already talked about . fletch
John , The new products have been built and are in the process of being mapped to Sitara and Tagg . I'm working with Melba Lozano ( EOL contact ) and she tells me they should be ready tomorrow . Mark Taylor and I haven't spoken yet about simplifying the language in the product long description , so I'll try to get with him tomorrow . For now , we're staying with the existing language which isn't really that bad . Any of these products which are intra-month will stay in the swap filter as US GAS DAILY products , but longer than intra-month will be in the basis filter as US GAS BASIS products with the format: The only product that will be different is the Nymex to daily swap which will be: Any questions or comments , Fletch
Brad , ( see message below from Melba ) Which one should we use , and how should it look on the website ? Remember , only five characters will fit in the name . Maybe just CNGNo ? Let me know and i'll forward to Melba . Fletch
Melba , Could you see to this please ? Thanks , Fletch
Here is the list for you to keep: Duke John Thomas ( 713 ) 260-8569 El Paso Bo Collins ( 713 ) 420-3466 Fletch
Eloy , Who is General Brinks ? Fletch
Eric , The name I have at El Paso is Tim Bourne 713-420-3826 . Todd Geiger is my contact over there . He's a Vice President and told me that Tim runs the trading group and would not be in the office until Mon . next week . Fletch
Eric , This guy is a friend of mine and he said he'll put in some good words about EOL and especially the new product that we're going to launch . His name is Chris McDonald at Southern ( 678 ) 579-3298 . He runs the West gas trading at Southern . Fletch
Yes , the plan is to roll the new products out on Fri. , the 22nd . fletch
good morning ! just wondering if you've talked to Gas Daily yet and if you need anything more from me...also , i'd like to see what you're going to give to them ( G.D. ) with regard to facts about the products , EOL , etc.. . we'd like to launch the products on Fri and have the article appear on Mon because the audience should be bigger than Fri . fletch
David , Yes , i'm interested in meeting with these guys , but i'm unavailable until Thu or Fri . Let me know if I can sit in on a meeting . Thanks , Fletch Sturm
Eric , I've been out of the office for two days , but just received this message and it's great . Let me know what else I can do ! Fletch
Please put this on my schedule . thanks , fletch
Eric , The products have been launched ( Mon ) and did trade a couple times . As far as another article in GD , i'll check with John , but I think it's a good idea . Fletch
good luck...I'm sure you'll do well ! Have fun fletch
Right shoulder complete...full reversal mode as of right now...bang ! Fletch
Bombs away.. . Fletch
The name is Wallingford , McDonald , Fox and Company on SW Freeway at Buffalo Speedway .
Please put this on my calendar and remind me . thanks , fletch
Terri , Hi ! Thanks for your interest in my book . You should be able to get one at www.amazon.com the fastest . If they're out , or say it will take a while , go directly to www.pennwell.com ( this is the publisher. ) Again , thanks . Fletch Sturm
I'm in for dinner tonight for sure and golf Sun a.m . if you're able . Oh EOG...how I love thee ! +2 1/4 Fletch
Janelle , That's a great product with a simple explanation . I have blank deal tickets ready to be filled in ! Good luck . Fletch
Ted , I'll be out of town this weekend ( Oct 27/28) , but you can put me down for the s/s on Nov 4 . Please send details . Fletch Sturm
thanks for the follow-up , fletch
Please put this on my calendar . Thanks , Fletch
We'll need another room . These meetings are only for the MidWest traders . The meeting with the guy from PJM is for the northeast group . Thanks , Fletch
Dave , John Lavorato would like me to get back with him regarding exactly why we can't send out a pop-up window to advertise the new power products that we're launching this week . Could you call or e-mail back ? He basically said he wants to do one , but I don't want to if it could crash all of EOL on our behalf . Let me know . Thanks , Fletch
please put this on my calendar . thanks , fletch
Thank you very much for doing that for me ! Fletch
Jenny , It looks like I need to read my e-mail more often . I'll start using it tomorrow ( Mon) . Fletch
yes , that will work . thanks fletch
At your convenience ( not necessarily today) , could you provide my wife with the addresses for the following people , please ? Her e-mail is sturmt@yahoo.com . Thanks , Fletch John Lavorato Dave Delainey Kevin Presto yourself Rogers Herndon Dana Davis Rob Benson Jeff King Larry Valderama Larry Jester Matt Lorenz names below are NatGas people Scott Neal John Arnold Phillip Allen Mike Grigsby Jeff Shankman thanks again !
that's not our house for sale yet , but probably in the next 6 months or so...not in a hurry as it feels like real estate market cooling off somewhat . thanks . Fletch
Marc , Sorry , we don't have anything open right now . Possibly in 6 months or so . Fletch
Jeff , With little physical knowledge of the transmission and generation constraints , etc. , it's going to be difficult for me to say , geographically , where I think the boundaries ought to be . However , I think the market would always prefer a simple layout , something like MISO - West , - Central , - East , - South . To me , I think that would cover the basic areas that trade differently in terms of price . Fletch
Terri , Do you think we're close enough to book the deals . Rogers and I keep forgetting that they're not in our positions everyday . Fletch
jenny , i'd really like to be able to set my curves through Dec '03 without having to freak with that g.d . contango weighting table in the MW4 file . the market changes so fast during the day that i don't have time to switch between my MWSum and MW4 files fast enough to keep up with it . i have a section in the MWSum spreadsheet where i keep all of the quick calcs on the calendars , so i could link that to the MW4 file like i'm doing through Oct '02 . come by tomorrow ( Fri ) and i'll show you what the h i'm talking about . fletch
yes
Lloyd will
sorry , just got your e-mail...I actually don't have any in hand anyway . thanks for your interest . fletch sturm
Please put this on my calendar and remind me beforehand if you would . Thanks , Fletch
Please put this on my calendar . Thanks , Fletch
I'm pretty sure we're good to go . Check back with you on the restaurant . Fletch
Jeff , Thanks for inviting me to be in the Round Table . I think it'll be a success . I'm able to make it to dinner tomorrow night for the Tiger Team deal . Fletch p.s . did you close on your house yet ?
no way just kidding...you get 'em...just tell TJ to put any vacation days you want to schedule on my calendar . thanks fletch
great man...we just lifted a new pad too this past weekend...Bunker Hill fletch
yea...probably get a little relief from the inspection report though
Jenny , Thanks for the response . I was under the impression that what you and I had worked out was more of a temporary fix and that there was another group working on a perrmanent solution for all of us . I'm still obviously trading options , but would like you or JP or someone else in risk run a standard report for me each morning which shows my net delta positions by month and the subsequent gamma positions for certain $ moves in the underlying . I could have Peter do it at night if it needs to be done before calc . Just let me know . Thanks , Fletch p.s . sorry if it seems like this is being blown out of proportion
what does this mean ? Fletch how about 3:15 or 3:30 ? fletch
Please put on my calendar for every Tues. , thanks . Also , please notify my team that we will have a meeting with the marketing group every Mon at 3:30pm that Ed Baughman should be setting up with you . That should be a weekly thing too . Fletch
Attached is the form I'd like everyone to use for tomorrow's reports . We will probably modify this and the ones to follow , so be prepared ! Fletch
you're cool
I'm not sure , but I think it's a data file for the charting software that I use . Thanks , Fletch Sturm
please check Jeff King's VAR...it dosn't look right fletch sturm
just checking to see if you had any interest ? fletch
Ted , Please put her on the list of candidates for the next beginning rotation for Trader Track . Thanks , Fletch
Caroline , Sorry I haven't checked my e-mail in a while , but that's trading...I'm more interested in Cinergy , but would like to see a deal done no matter where . Let me know if I can help . Fletch
Frank , This guy called me because he read the book I wrote about Natural Gas . He has some kind of special treatment with the federal government in terms of gas purchases . Sounds like a minority owned business to me . Could you call him or refer him to someone at EES ? Thanks , Fletch Sturm Don Cooper
i'll be available fletch
ok , just send them to TJ when you can and ask her to put them on my calendar . thanks , fletch
Please put this on my calendar , thanks fletch Ted , Please mark me down for the dinner on Apr 10 Fletch
yes , I would be interested fletch
I would like to park in the new parking garage . Please put me down for a "yes" to participate . Fletcher J . Sturm
yeah man , it's going great...how are things with you ? fletch
Scott , Please take me off the e-mail distribution list...I receive the charts , etc . from others here . Thanks , Fletch Sturm Enron
Phil , I don't have any specific recommendations , but I think PennWell Books has the best selection of all books on the subject . Thanks for your interest , Fletch Sturm
John , Per Kevin , we've already sent our requests . Fletch
John , Per Kevin , we've already sent our requests . Fletch
Ron , I'm available today from 3:30 to 4:00 or 4:30 to 5:00 tomorrow if either of those works for you . Fletch
sounds great to me . fletch
I clicked on the link below and it didn't work...I'm RSVP'ing that I'll be there . Fletch p.s . who did the trade ? ( customer/ENE market maker )
let's play ball ! fletch
thanks ! fletch
I met this guy the other day in my neighborhood . He's the son-in-law of the people who live at the end of my street . He seems like a good guy in person and looks like he's been close to trading . He's local , so I thought it might not be a bad idea to bring him in . What do you think ? Fletch
I have decided that I would like this product to be set up the other way around where it is quoted as ComEd vs Cin . I realize that it will show up as a negative spread , but I have other basis ( spread ) locations in mind that trade over Cinergy and can see how it will be confusing to some people in the industry . Fletch ( 3-9684 )
Thanks dude...it's all bearish right now as the price is headed lower . Did you see the WSJ from this morning ? Check out the summary article on Beige Book . fletch
Jeff , Thanks for the referral . My book should still be available on amazon.com , barnes&nobel.com , and at pennwell.com If not , I don't know where else to get it . Things are great with us...hope so with you too ! Fletch
thanks for your time ! fletch
Johnny , Please contact this individual and bring him in as soon as possible for a round of interviews with me , Kevin , Dana , Harry , Doug Gilbert-Smith . Thanks , Fletch
Iris , I don't have a copy , but they have a lot up on the gas floor ( 32nd) . Thanks Fletch
Kim , Accomplishments are attached below.. .
not really...Edison Mission was selling next week this morning .
Maggy , I think as long as someone from legal will accompany me I'd be fine with it . My schedule is fairly open this week after 3:30 . Fletch
I don't know...it depends on what you want me to talk about .
thanks Gregg , great info fletch
re: ?
thank you for a great 1st half of the year ! fletch
ok , re ?
disregard previous reply...will meet after 4pm any day fletch
Any truth to the rumor about Johnny leaving the group ( not the company) ? Fletch
heard it down here from D . Gilbert-Smith...don't know where he heard it .
right , but he's in the gossip circle pretty deep
seems like ? If you think about it , it might not be a bad deal for Johnny to get "booked out" and go run the crude group or something like that . he probably wouldn't fight it too much given those nightmares he still has about last year's second half !
I printed out what you sent me earlier , have not read it yet , and can only meet after 3:30 . That's the best I can do . Fletch
golf @ houstonian early Sun am ? I might have an "in" with Frank ( Pickles ) at Amerex .
Lynn , I'm going to be on personal vacation that week so I'll be unable to attend . Maybe next year . Fletch
Kim , Don's looks good and I'm adding Maria's to it right now . will send back to you in a couple of minutes .
thanks for your help fletch
It's too bad I don't have the authority to trade it... !
What do I need to do to get approval to trade crude ? I'm officially bearish now...would be selling wildly short right here @ $27.50 fletch
thanks for the update !
Laura ( team leader) , I'll be unavailable to work on the skit video this Thurs ( 8/9 ) thru Mon ( 8/13 ) as I will be in Pennsylvania on vacation . I have plenty of time this tues or wed after trading or next Tues - Thurs after trading...let me know . Fletch
I give through paycheck withdrawal every month . Fletch Sturm
I'm fairly busy this week , but could manage half an hour today from 3:30 to 4:00...otherwise , it'll have to be next week sometime . Let me know over the phone...I may not have time to check my e-mail for the rest of the day . Fletch 3-9684
oh...that's new...Yes , I'd like to roll-over what I've been contributing the past few years . thanks , fletch
thank you
Lloyd , I was just thinking about some of the record peak demand levels set at some of the Midwest utilities despite less than record temps and slowing economic activity , and the resiliancy of the crude oil market to decline in the face of a slowing world economy . My conspiracy theory...could the U.S . government be secretly building up military arms and parts at factories in the Midwest and other regions of the country , and if so , couldn't that help explain these records ? It's kind of a crazy thought , but I'd like to explore it fundamentally ( do we know the locations of certain plants that might engage in these types of activities , how much power they could consume if called upon to expand production of military goods , etc. ) I talked to Rogers about it and he threw a buildup of the strategic petroleum reserve into the theory to help explain crude oil support in the face of a crashing world economy . Let me know what you guys think.. . Fletch
I left a voice mail for you regarding this . fletch
Please put on my calendar . Thanks , Fletch
thanks Lloyd fletch
after 3:30 today for about 10 min fletch
does Doug know about King yet ?
Don , What's up with this ? Fletch
Amanda , Could you please include Rogers Herndon on the distribution list for Consumer Weekly ? He runs EES East Risk Management and is a VP . Thanks , and please send him the latest edition as soon as you can . Fletch Sturm
Dude , I sent a request to Amanda Hubble for you to be included on the distribution list and send you the latest edition . Fletch
Please put the Central Desk Gas meeting on my calendar every day 2:30 - 3:00 . Thanks , Fletch
it is in room 3270
Greg , Congratulations ! Stay the course and good luck ! Fletch
Dan , Could you send a graphic of what you expect this Q4 nuke utilization rate ( or actual output ) across Eastern Interconnect to look like versus previous 3 yrs actual ? Thanks , Fletcher Sturm V.P . Midwest Power
I'm supposed to give a presentation to the Trader Track sometime this month and I forget when . Do you have that schedule ? Thanks , Fletch
Jennifer , Because trading is heaviest on Wed's after 1:00 pm , I'll need to re-schedule with Brooks for 3:00 or later . Thanks , Fletch Sturm
could you arrange for Thomas to meet with me today @ 3:30 or sometime soon thereafter ? thanks , fletch
great...just have Thomas come down when he can . fletch
you bet
Great ! Thanks , Fletch
Joseph , Thanks for your interest...you can get the book online at Amazon.com or direct from the publisher at PennWell.com Fletch
Robert , Please put me on the distribution list for the competitive analysis summary sheet that Kevin Presto is receiving from you on a daily basis . Thanks , Fletcher Sturm V.P . East Power
I'm giving that presentation to the Trader Track people on Wed , so it looks like I'll need to postpone the meeting yet again . In light of what's been happening in the market , I'd like to re-schedule for next Mon . Thanks , Fletch
I would like to contribute . fletch
I talked to Jon and he is under contract . I'll talk to Kevin about it and get back to you . Fletch
Jason , I'd like to talk to you sometime soon ( today? ) regarding a cash trading position in the Midwest to see if you might find it interesting . Let me know by phone...x 3-9684 Fletch
What is my current balance ? Fletch
Rogers , That was fantastic...good laughs by all here . Fletch
Thanks
sure , To hedge: sell 28 contracts/month gas Just do the reverse math at 18 heat rate to figure P/L.. . Fletch
I'd like a room tomorrow ( Tue ) after 4pm to speak with Mike Bridges about an open position on my desk . Could you find a room for 1 hr and let me know where and when . Thanks , Fletch
Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime Library Runtime Error ! Program: C:\Reuters\Desktop\kobra\kernel\winnt\bin\kobra.exe abnormal program termination OK
please mark on my calendar , thanks , fletch
yes , I will be attending , fletch
I'm unable to make it to the dinner...it's open house night at our kids' school . Fletch
I'll gladly stop in to say hello sometime after 10:30am if that works . Fletch
He decided to stay where he is until after bonus time , afterwhich he will contact me regarding a position , if any . Fletch
thanks Jean...I've already got it on...shorts between natty and power happy belated thanksgiving back atcha fletch
this employee no longer works for me...please discontinue sending me these requests for approval . thanks , fletcher sturm
legally , other than a broker , no . sorry . fletch
I'm at home today . Are you in the office ? Fletch
Kevin , I'm at home today too . Have you talked to anyone ? Fletch
IT'S A PIECE OF SHIAVONE !
Could you please reply back to me with the current addresses for: Russell Ballato Jason Kaniss Maria Valdez Don Baughman Thanks , who is ? Fletch
Evan , Thanks for the party pic ! I bought one of those Sony digital cameras for Toni for Christmas . I jumped up for the one with a mini CD . We'll see how she likes it . As for lunch , it looks like we'll have to make it some other time as I have lunch with my group today , I'm leaving before lunch tomorrow , and I'm taking Fri off . Oh , the life of a Ch.11 employee...later , Fletch
roger that...we are here and will call .
Attached is the new spreadsheet with Product List for East Power
Rhonda , Could you help me find a copy of the NYMEX Cinergy futures contract ? I would appreciate it . Thanks , Fletch
Dave , If you didn't get this from anyone else on Fri , here it is: Fletch
yea , I went to the website and they don't have the actual contract there . I need to get a hard copy . I'll call Tana . Thanks . Fletch
Still unknown...min . 60 days
she has not called me...would you please forward ? I need a hard copy this morning . Thanks , Fletch
thanks...I'll look into it . Fletch
This dosn't mention anything about an "adapter" for the CD , just battery . I think your girl's on dope .
Dad , Thought you might find this interesting ( read: confusing) ! It's publicly available on the net , so it's ok . How many other companies are going to come forward with their problems or get in deeper trying to "quietly" clean them up ? Fletch
Please plan to attend a meeting today at 1pm to discuss the UBS transaction and what it means to our operation . TJ will reply with the room information . Thanks , Fletch
I don't know what my ID and password are for this thing . Could you help ? Thanks , Fletch
Kevin , Put Russell down as 100% . He's in San Antonio this weekend with his visiting brothers and unfortunately , his contract is here in Houston . I talked to him last night and he had Jeannie Sloan fax his doc to the hotel and he assured me he'd review it then or first thing this a.m . I'm sure he'll find the language acceptable since it's merely a 30-day evergreen . As for additional $'s , I personally guaranteed him $10k and gave him 50-50 odds on the 1-year contract we talked about yesterday . He's in either way . I also called Suarez yesterday and left a message , but haven't heard back yet . I'll lob another call in this morning around 10am . Did you receive a faxed signature copy from Carson yesterday/this a.m. ?
Amy , If it's not too late , would you please give Mike Carson a copy of his executed document to him ? Thanks . He forgot to make a copy . Fletch
Tomcat , Sorry it's taken so long , but finally made contact with a guy at Williams regarding your interest . His name is Michael Westbrock and he's the term ComEd trader . I just forwarded your resume to him after speaking with him over the phone . His e-mail is michael.westbrock@williams.com and his phone # is ( 918 ) 573-8752 . He said feel free to follow up with him directly later this week after he's had time to look into it . Good luck , Fletch
All , Please plan to attend a welcome and overview meeting presented by UBS senior management on Wed . 1/23/02 . The actual meeting is from 10:00am ( sharp ) - 1:00pm ( hopefully just as sharp : ) at The Houstonian Hotel on N . Post Oak Ln . at Woodway . Breakfast munchies will be served at 9am for those of you who think you are as hungry as I am in the morning . I will be going straight to the meeting from home the morning of , so if you need me call my cell at 713-562-4207 . Thanks , Fletch p.s . if you know of other former Enron employees that have signed up with UBS and do not know about this meeting , please spread the word .
Mike , John Lavorato forwarded an e-mail to me sent by you requesting information on opportunities in trading at UBS . I'd very much like to talk with you again if you're interested in East Power . If you're interested , please send your resume to me and let me know if you could meet tomorrow ( Fri . 1/25) . We're making personnel decisions here by the hour and I'd like to hear from you as soon as possible . Thanks , Fletch
Greg , Wow ! What a deal ! I just wanted to thank you again for everything these past few months . I can only imagine the toll all of this has taken on you and your family . Everyone is very excited about the opportunity you and Hutch' have given us and we're confident we'll be successful . Thanks again and good luck to us all ! Fletch
Kevin has asked me to be the commercial lead on continuing and expediting the development of the system for the traders that provided real-time pricing , curve shift , positions , etc . that was in the works last year . Could you please provide me with the names of the IT people I need to contact and/or the lead on the project ? Thanks , Fletch
please send this to Tamara Jae Black for approval Fletch Sturm
Mike , Let's meet this a.m . 9:30 . I'm on the trading floor in the new building 6th floor . Fletch
Mike , You must not have received my earlier reply in time...I have another meeting right now ( 10:30am) , so can't meet until tomorrow . I'll call you an hour before I'm available in the morning . Fletch
Hunt , Attached is Mike Bridges' resume . I talked with him on Fri . and mentioned you might want to talk with him as well . I don't love him , but could use him if the best fit is East Power .
Allan , My name is Fletch Sturm , formerly with the wholesale trading group at Enron , now UBS Warburg Energy . I worked closely with Rogers Herndon in East Power for most of last year ( you might remember me ) and wanted to see if we could begin some sort of dialog in terms of an agreement to retain your services here at UBS . Kevin Presto has asked me to be the main contact to you on behalf of perhaps both the gas and power tading groups . I look forward to discussing this arrangement with you further at your earliest convenience . My contact information is as follows: Fletcher J . Sturm Executive Director UBS Warburg Energy fsturm@enron.com ( temporary ) Thanks , Fletch
Fellas , Presto has asked me to be the contact to Allan Stewart at PIRA with regard to setting up an arrangement for their consulting services . I'm currently having information-gathering discussions over services and fees for both gas and power , in both the east and west . In order to fully incorporate everyone's needs into our arrangement with PIRA , I'll be contacting you this week to gather requests . Or , if you know what you need , please just reply to me with the specific information . Thanks , Fletch
Mike , We're still letting the dust settle up here . Hunter may want to talk with you upon review of your resume . Either way , I'll get back to you soon . Thanks , Fletch
Victoria , Sorry I haven't been able to contact you by phone , but will try today . Can you provide me with a list of the services and fee structures in place with Enron ? I'd like to see what we had before so I can compare with what we'll need going forward . Fletch
Dan , Tomcat's a good guy who's eager to work his way up on an energy trading floor . Thanks for your help on that . I'm looking forward to buying you a few beers when you come down again . Fletch
Mike , I've talked with Kevin about adding another term-trading position position on my desk ( TVA , the one we spoke about) , and we're still not sure at this stage if that's the best place to allocate talent just yet . For sure , when business is up to the level it was before the crash last year , that's definitely somewhere we'll need to add , but for right now we're still assessing . As I said before , the dust is still settling ( i.e . shuffling people and positions ) so I still need a couple more days to see what the best fit for you might be . Thanks , Fletch
Hi...hope tennis went well . Hopefully calling Frank Morello after this...anyway , Bill Nielsen's # is ( 281 ) 583-2937w ( 281 ) 744-4150cell p.s . what did you think of Atlantis , other than fear of flying ?
All , The unofficial word on the street is that deal closing is slated for Feb 7 and UBSWenergy launch is Feb 11 . Our intention is to launch financial products only for our regions beginning with Summer '02 through Cal '03 . As we are successful in signing up counterparties to reach a critical mass , we'll be adding products that are closer to the front of the curve ( less correlated to NG. ) We need to do this to protect ourselves from "ambushes" by single parties when we don't have a critical mass of players that we can lay risk off with . Please note that , as a result , we may "only" have a couple of more weeks to play with in terms of studying up and refreshing ourselves on the fundamentals in our respective regions . Therefore , I'd like each of you to fill-in the information listed on the attached document for the region listed by your name . Feel free to use any resources you need ( fundies , etc. ) and have them finished by next Thurs . ( 2/7) . Someone please nominate yourself to format each paper in the same manner and have them all put together in one binder nice and pretty . Have a goodie .
Your REGION Geographical Boundary: Fuel Sources ( Pipelines , Terminals , NG/FO2/FO6 storage , Rivers): ?  Coal: ( conversion factor , supply source ) ?  NG: ( pipelines , basis to Henry Hub ) ?  FO2/FO6: ( conversion factor , supply source , correlation to CL ) Load Mix: ?  Residential / Commercial ?  Industrial Stack: ?  Nuke ( tot . mw and % of tot . stack , marginal load/cost ) ?  Coal ( same as above ) ?  NG ( same as above ) ?  FO2/FO6 ( same as above ) ?  Hydro Historical Outage Cycles: ?  Nuke , Coal , NG , FO2/FO6 Seasonal Interchange: ?  Import ( avg . daily mw and where ) ?  Export ( same as above ) Top 5 Largest Utilities/Operators: ?  Service Territory ( within this region ) ?  Stack ?  Load Mix Top 5 Largest Merchant Generators: Attach historical load and MWDaily price sheet as last page for most actively traded hub in this region
Hi ! Haven't been able to get a hold of you today on cell or at home.. . I'm going over to the Front-Porch for a game of Golden Tee before heading home . I'll be on my cell in about 15-20 min .
What time is the meeting again on Fri ? 10am or 10:30am ? Fletch
Let's meet today at 2:30pm if that's ok with you and the other guys including Larry and Maria . I'll book it upstairs here and provide you with the room# . Fletch Could you please book a room for 7 and reply ? Thanks , who is ?
Mark , Has UBS decided to allow for true netting of cross-commodity exposure with counterparties under the master ISDA ? I'd like to know as this is an important pitch to our customers to trade financial products with us in power initially until we receive our physical license . Could you get back to me before 2:30pm today ? Thanks , Fletch Sturm
VaR Portfolio Commodity Trader Book Instrument Location Tenor Liquidity ( volume/day ) Best Risk Mitigator Power Sturm LT - MW Forward Phys Cinergy 60 - 365 Days 1,000 MW NG Power Sturm LT - MW Forward Phys Cinergy 1 - 2 Years 750 MW NG Power Kaniss ST - MAIN Forward Phys ComEd < 30 Days 1,500 MW Power - Cinergy
Vladimir , Which measure are we going to be using at UBS ? VaR on portfolio #2 dosn't make sense to me that adding gas short to same position as #1c . increases risk . What's up with that ? Also , could you forward the results from Rob Benson's portfolio's to me ? Thanks , Fletch
Good morning ! I talked with Frank's assistant yesterday ( he was out all day ) and she said that they can't send an adjuster out without first filing a claim . To that end , she said it's generally not a good idea to file a claim ( it goes on our record ) unless we know there's damage . So , she suggested that I have a roofer come out and look for possible hail damage and , if there is damage , provide us with his estimate for repair . Then we should file a claim if need be . So , I'm on the lookout for a roofer who will do that for us . If you think we should use Joel , I'll call him . But , I feel like he might not provide us with an unbiased opinion , if you know what I mean . Talk to you later . : )
Danielle , I'd like to meet with you sometime today ( I have a meeting from 10:00 - 11:30 ) to discuss what we're services we're talking to PIRA about for both gas and power . Please let me know what time you can meet . Thanks , Fletch
Yes , 1:30 is good . I'm on the 6th floor in the new building back by the windows in the trading area . There are plenty of conference rooms around here . I'll see you then . Thanks , Fletch
If the e-mail I sent you didn't make it , check out this web-site for option-pricing model . fletch
Dale , I don't know if you had time to sit with Mitch before he left , but he put this together . It may or may not be useful . Fletch
Mark , I posed this question to Mark Haedicke last week and he suggested I ask you: Will UBS allow counterparties that enter into an ISDA with UBS to net exposure between financial Gas and Power positions when calculating margin requirements ? If so , to what extent , and if not , why ? This would be a major selling point when we're trying to establish relationships with new trading partners and trying to build our financially traded products business . Please help . Thanks , Fletch Sturm
Steve , It looks as if we're going to be trading effective Mon ( 2/11) . I'm looking for some assurance that we'll have at least the basics ready to go with regard to position manager . Can you update ? Thanks , Fletch
yes . how about 1pm , you name the place . thanks , fletch
Steve , My computer blew up after I sent back to you reply for meeting at 1:00 ish...are we on ? Fletch
that's great . thanks , fletch
Yes , I do use it , but I'd be glad to talk to someone from Kobra . Thanks for you help . Fletch
yes , that's fine . thanks , fletch
Danielle , Could you please tell whoever was coming to give me the Kobra lesson at 1:30 that I need to move it to 2:30 ? Thanks , Fletch
thanks , fletch
If it's not too late , I don't even need a lesson at all...I'm using my discount broker live feeds . thanks , fletch
Pleas approve Tricia's request to become an authorized EOL trader
Please grant Steven Vu execution privileges on EOL John Arnold
Hey : Just wanted to see if you're doing anything tonight.. . Any interest in getting dinner ? John
hey: when are you back in town? ?
i just had the whole it staff up here . I just got two good tickets to Thursday's Astros/Yankees game
Hello: I just wanted to arrange to meet for the Astros tickets . I work and live downtown . My cell phone number is 713-557-3330 . Thanks , John
lyle lovett national anthem nolan ryan first pitch dwight gooden first real pitch
7:00 game can you let me know tomorrow? ?
sec 222 row 2
club seats extra wide extra leg room extra waitresses
My brother was coming back from London to go so I went out and paid a fortune from a scalper for two... . I really do appreciate it though. .
sounds good
I am free at 3:30 on Thursday at my desk .
I am changing the way the curve is generated starting in Jan 2004 to better replicate seasonal fundamentals . There are convincing arguments as to why the summer/winter spreads should tighten over time . However , in the previous methodology they blew out . For instance summer/winter in Cal 3 was . 232 while Cal 10 was . 256 . I have added a seasonality dampening function that both contracts the summer/winter spread and applies a premium to the electric load demand months of July and August over time . The formula for the curve remains the same except for a premium lookup for the month as well as for the year . These premiums are as follows: Jan -.008 Feb -.004 Mar -.001 Apr . 002 May . 003 Jun . 004 Jul . 004 Aug . 004 Oct . 002 Nov -.003 Dec -.006 These premiums start in Jan 2004 On Wednesday Jan 2003 settled 2.959 , the 3/4 spread was marked at . 0375 , the 4/5 spread was marked at . 0475 . In the old methodology In the new methodology The only change in the formula is from: Month x = Month ( x- 1 year ) + lookup on year on year table to Month x = Month ( x- 1 year ) + lookup on year on year table + lookup on month premium table The seasonality premiums will change over time and I will let you know when I change them
call me when you get this
i am free to talk this afternoon if you want
Please approve .
Andy: This past weekend we released a new version of the EOL software that , unfortunately , had a bug . The effect was to lengthen the time delay between numbers changing and when they would show up on the internet to an unacceptable level that increased the number of failed trades . We made the decision to take some of the more volatile products temporarily offline until the fix could be made . I do not anticipate this to be a concern going forward . Thanks for the feedback . John Arnold
Please approve Larry May for a trader id on EOL for "pipe options" book for US gas . Thanks , John
Hello.. . Despite my thoughts , you like baseball . So the question is do you like art ( as in musuems ) ?  I'm leaning towards yes but don't know for sure .
2 options: Either we leave from work and you watch me get a haircut for 20 minutes or.. . I pick you up around 6:30.. .
are you sure...have you ever been to bon coupe before don't knock it till tou try it
Hey: Any good set of 4 available for Sunday's game
nope...your loss though
call me if you're in town this weeekend
Dutch: The increase in position and subsequent position limit violation was due to two factors . First , a long position was moved into the long-term exotics book due to the nature of the position . I am currently using the ltx to hold longer-term strategic positions . The large increase in position is a reflection of my view of the market . Second , a large customer transaction originated by Fred Lagrasta's group was transacted at the end of the day Monday and was not able to be hedged until this morning . Hence a large position increase occurred for yesterday's position and a corresponding decrease occurred today . John
Thanks for taking me in last night . Sorry about being drunk and stinky . My cab , that we called at 6:10 , showed up at 7:02 . I was so pissed .
Andy: Just a couple of quick items that need to be addressed . First , what happens if the delta of the option is greater than the size of the hedge offered on EOL ? Second , what strike are straddles traded at . Are they set at the nearest 5 cent interval or are they mid-market of the EOL quote ?
Andy: The problem if we limit the size on options to being what size is offered on the swap hedge , we will not be able to offer adequate size on the options . Optimally , I think we want to offer a minimum size of 100 across all strikes . If the swap is 4/4.5 , one a day up , and someone buys half a day , making the market , 4/4.5 one a day by half a day , the size offered on a 10 cent out of the money call might be as low as 30 contracts , a much smaller size than most people want to trade . If we restrict to strikes with a lower delta , we face the problem of not offering enough strikes and not making a market in options that have open EOL interest that have moved closer to the money . Maybe the answer is to assume the swap hedge to be a penny wide two way wrapped around the EOL swap mid market . Thus if the front swap on EOL is 4/4.5 one a day by half a day , the input into the option calculator is 3.75/4.75 , 100 up . In this case I think 100 is necessary because once a strike has open interest , we must continue to support it . Thus I anticipate having to make markets in deep itm options as the market moves . In terms of straddle strikes , I think the edge received from buying straddles struck on the EOL offer and vice-versa is not big enough to compensate for what I think the industry will view as a scam and another way Enron is trying to rip people off . Although striking on the mid-market is probably easier for the trader , I actually think striking in five cent increments makes more sense . It allows people to trade out of the position on EOL . Whereas if someone buys the 3085 straddle and the market moves to 3200 , they have to call ENE to close the trade . If the trade is struck at 3100 , we will have a market on both the 3100 call and put at all times . Secondly , I would anticipate non-volatility driven option traders may elect to sell either just the put or call in this scenario depending on their view of market direction .
Jeff: Sorry for my cryptic answer in regards to the LNG deal on Friday; I was a bit confused by the question . In terms of the gas pricing , this is a deal that should be done . Market conditions are very conducive to hedging a fair amount of the gas . Obviously , a deal this size would require Enron to wear a considerable amount of the risk in the short term , but the risk-reward of the position looks very favorable . I am certainly willing to sign off on this deal around the $3.00 level . John
Please stop sending emails to jennifer_arnold to the following email address: You have the wrong person
Hey , I just got your email . Call anytime after 4:00 . Obviously , I don't read my email very often
Doug: To confirm the pricing of the LNG dela:: I can show a $3.01 bid for the Nymex portion of 160,000 mmbtu/day for the time period Jan 2003-Dec 2014 . The bid on Henry Hub basis for same time period is -$.0025 resulting in fix price of $3.0075; the bid on Sonat basis is -$.0175 translating into a bid of $2.9925 . Notional volume = 70,128 contracts . PV volume = 37,658 contracts . Exposure per $.01 move = $3,760,000 John
Please take me off your mailing list
Kevin: Come by Tuesday between 5:00-5:30 if you still want to see the new spreadsheet . However , it may be more valuable to talk to Dutch Quigley , who runs my risk , as he built the system and understands the vertical integration better . John
Please do not send these emails anymore . I am not Jennifer Arnold
Stupid taxes
Let's meet at 4:00 .
Can we meet at 5:00 today ?
Please use this vol curve for a dry run to figure out var for my book , NG price , and Jim's book , Storage , and communicate the results . Thanks,John
Tanya: On Friday I emailed a new vol curve to use for VAR testing . I was under the impression that you could apply this vol curve to the price book and storage book and have a new experimental VAR number by Monday . I have not received any response . Please reply with status of this project . John
Tickets requisitioned for England/Germany . $1500!!!!! !
In preparation for our discussion tomorrow , can you run VAR numbers for some 6 . +1000 July Chicago Basis -1000 July Michcon Basis 7 . +1000 July Henry Hub Index 8 . +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis Again , these are separate portfolios . I'm trying to check that the VAR numbers make logical sense . Thanks , John
yes
Can I add 3 more portfolios: 1 . +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis - 1000 July 2003 Panhandle Basis 2 . +1000 June Henry Hub Cash 3 . +1000 June Henry Hub Cash - 1000 July Futures Thanks , John
Thank you very,very much . Love you , John
Hey Liz , Thanks for letting me use the phone . A real life-saver . My brother had a Nokia world phone on the trip and it seemed to work better . It got reception some places where mine did not and is more user-friendly . On a different topic...Greg talked me into upgrading to first class for a flight in December to Australia . He talked me into it by agreeing to pay for half . Cliff found it funny and agreed to pay for the other half . I haven't expensed it yet so I'm having Barbara send it on . Thanks , John
euro 2004 in portugal
Steve: Good hearing from you . Hope all is going well . I gave your name to Per Sekse in our New York office . He deals with a couple hedge funds we currently do business with and has addressed some of the obstacles that we face with other counterparties . He is on vacation this week but will call next week . If you have any problems or concerns , feel free to call . John
Andy: Sorry...I was on vacation last week and fell behind my email . Anytime you want to talk is fine . I'll be around today if it works for you . john
How about 4:00 ?  ?
Please top level the following P&L out of my book because the market settled limit down . End of day position Amount settle was off in my estimation Total amount
Dinner tonite....birthday boy?? ?
world cup 2006 -- Germany BOO !
Per: I've talked to him several times in the past . I told him that you would call because of your experience with setting up funds . They have two main problems . One is setting up their internal systems . Second , they have credit problems with a BBB+ . Please call and introduce yourself . Thanks , john
Hey , Can Greg fit me in for about 30 minutes tomorrow afternoon ? --- Your secret admirer
Hello , Bill Perkins of Small Ventures USA is having a party this Saturday at the Mercantile bar downtown . He has rented out the place , has a band , open bar.. . usually pretty fun . He asked me to give both of you an invite in appreciation of the work you've done for him . If you have interest , ccmail me with whether you need one or two invites each . John
I'm free from 4:00-5:00 today
I'll send 2 invites up . What's your location ?
Greg's always on vacation . You need to teach him some work habits . Next Tuesday will work . John
8 pm to 2 am
I spoke to Vlady this afternoon regarding the alternative VAR methodologies . I think changing to a Riskmetrics historical VAR system is more defendable and objective , will provide more consistent results , and will create more realistic results . I understand Vince has a similar opinion . John .
Per: Can you give the Campbell fund read-only access to EOL . It may speed up the process if they see they can trade pre-market . John
Good job....I've got 10% of my portfolio in CGP . Keep up the good work .
Margaret: As you can imagine , most information and procedures on the floor are extremely confidential . We look at the gas market uniquely and using different tools than anybody else . It is one of our competitive advantages . I'm hesistant to approve the use of any documents for external purposes . If you provide more information about what you're trying to show , who the target audience is , and what format it will be presented , I may be able to help you . John
Frank: Just following up on two topics . One: Larry May's book continues to run at a VAR of 2,500,00 despite the fact his P&L is never close to that . Can you check that his exotics book positions are being picked up in his VAR calcs . Second: Have you looked into applying a band-aid to the understating longer term Vol problem until we change formulas ? John
Interesting observation...but I'm not sure I agree . I think consensus opinion is that anything under 2.7 TCF is very dangerous entering the winter . A month ago , analysts were predicting we would end the injection season with around 2.6 - 2.7 in the ground . With the most recent AGA , those projections seem to be closer to 2.7 . With supply of gas very inelastic to price in the short and medium term , you must look at the demand side of the equation . The market is trying to price out the right amount of demand ( mostly through lost industrial load and fuel switching ) such that supplies will be stored rather than burned . Each AGA number is another data point as to whether nat gas is high enough to price out enough demand to reach a comfortable level in storage entering the winter . A low AGA number indicates we haven't priced out enough demand and the market must go up . Certainly , the 97 throws a curve in the bull argument , but the number may be a function of very mild weather , a four day holiday weekend , and reporting noise rather than indicative of a structural shift in the supply/demand equilibrium . We'll know a lot more as the next two weeks' numbers come out . If we get two low injections , watch out . Enron North America Corp .
Frank: Susan Scott , Larry's risk manager , will compile and send you a spreadsheet of total p&l minus new deal p&l since June 1 . Can you review this data and compare it to the respective VAR numbers for these dates . I think you will see the VAR numbers way overestimate his p&l volatility . John Enron North America Corp .
Hello: A recent posting on the Enron bulletin board indicated that you are looking for academic tutors . I may be available to help at nights in math . Can you please respond with details about the program , how old the kids are , the commitment required , etc . Thanks , John Arnold
Frank: The $5,000,000 extra VAR disappears in about a week . There MUST be a band-aid to the term VAR curve before this expires . Again , the back of the board is realizing 35-60% vol and it's being credited with 15% vol . Thanks , John
Jim: The following are the authorized floor brokers to accept trades from: Man SDI Carr the old Fimat group ( don't know what their name is now ) Flatt Futures Thanks , John
Jim: The list I gave you is a list of brokers that can clear through you , NOT brokers that you clear exclusively . You do not clear any of my brokers exclusively . All trades that clear through you will be done on discretionary trade-by trade basis . You MUST have your floor personnel reverse everything they they told my brokers this morning . I am not happy . John
Is it per game or point or what ?
I think you're cheating trying to get a fixed amount... . I'll give $1 per pin . Good luck , John
Andy: Is the new version of EOL coming out soon . I'm waiting to put new products on until it comes.. . John
Thanks .
Russell: My risk group frequently uses the New Counterparty label for internal counterparties that do not have a trading book . This transaction was a hedge for the acquisition of the paper plant we announced recently . I'm not sure who the internal group is that did the transaction . Dutch Quigley should be able to help . John .
Jeff: In regards to the antitrust training , can you please schedule that at least one of the sessions starts at 3:00 or later to ensure participation by all . Thanks , John
Mary: These agreements are acceptable . Please sign the give up agreements with Banc One . John
VP Nat Gas Trading
The plan looks good . Can you please attach a time schedule to the different steps and send it back . Thanks , John
Frank: One of the most likely scenarios for a VAR blowout would be a severe cold front hitting the country in the middle to latter part of the winter . In such a circumstance , cash may separate from prompt futures similar to how Midwest power traded $5000+ on specific days last year while prompt futures were $200 . The correlation between prompt and cash is normally very strong , and is indicated by the small VAR associated with a spread position currently . But in the winter that may change . Another thing to keep in mind while developing this scenario is the assymetric risk presented by having a spread position on . Assuming we enter the winter with normal to below normal storage levels , a position of long cash , short prompt futures has a long tail only on the positive p&l side . While such a trade in an efficient market has expected payout of 0 , the payout probabilities may look like the following: Enron North America Corp .
thanks
Liz: Come by anytime.. . Thanks , John
Hey: What's the update on Larry May's VAR issues . Again , this is a priority as we will lose Lavorato's VAR soon . Thanks , John
Jan Red Jan trading 28.5 with Sep @ 381
I have not heard back from you . What is the schedule for changing the VAR process ? Please reply , John
That is fine...Just make sure you ensure the confidentiality of the floor is not compromised . Do not let him see any EOL entry screens . Thanks , John
Hey: Do you have JP's email address ? John
Hello: There is one feature that has not been transferred to the new stack manager . When I sort by both counterparty and product at the bottom of the screen , the position summary does not sort by both product and counterparty , just by product . It would be very useful if you can replace this . Thanks , John
The following is a summary of the trades EES did today: # buys # sells Oct 4 / day Total contracts traded = 2045 Thought you should know.. . John
Please take me off email list .
I am leaving early on Friday . If they want I'll try to talk to the kid for 15 minutes around lunch . John
Although I would prefer to see the counterparty name for failed transactions , it is not of great importance and I certainly understand a third party system not supplying us with that info .
JP: Hope things are going well . I'm trying to get the email address of your new partner , Tracy . If you have , can you forward ? John
Yes , I managed it while she was on vacation .
Hey: Do you have any extras for tonight's game ? John PS . How's you bowl
Hello , Just checking to see if things are progressing as scheduled . Thanks , John
I will not be able attend but Errol will be there in my place . Thanks , John
Scott: Congrats on some great tech analysis of late . You've called it near perfectly over the past month . John
Congrats on your new job. .
Andy: Just checking on the options . Any idea on rollout date ? John
Thanks...anxiously awaiting
Web server noticeably slow today . I'm getting a lot of bad failed trades ( 2-3 seconds behind when I change a price) . Not necessarily slower than yesterday , but definitely slower than a month ago .
If J . Franco wins , you win $2425 If he loses , you lose $75
I had a dream that you were laid off yesterday , the day before your deal . Just checking on Saturday with third eye blind.. .
Hey , Can you add Whalley and/or Andy Zipper to Pedrone's interview schedule . He can come in earlier if necessary . If you need to talk to him , he is staying at the Omni and his cell number is John
Had Carlos Franco just shot a 49 yesterday instead of a 70 , you would have won .
Due to VAR reasons , you and I both need to sell today . Vol and price are going up , implying Enron can carry fewer contracts today than Friday . Have your desk net sell 400 today . John
Is that hugs or kisses ?
when are we invited? ?
does the arnolds' worldwide notoriety surprise you ?
Ina: 1 . Vacation is fine . 2 . Please put meeting below on calendar . 3 . I am going to analyst presentation at Vanderbilt . Find out when it is and put on calendar . 4 . Can you find out who is on the ENA management committee meeting I went to along with their title and responsibilities . 5 . Can you schedule a meeting for Tuesday or Wednesday late afternoon with Phillip , Hunter , and Fletch about EOL Thanks .
Dear fellows , Please remember to fill out your pledge card for United Way ( even if you don't plan on contributing ) if you haven't done so thus far . Thanks , John
And I'm expecting the same from you .
Jennifer: I'll be here , 3221F , tomorrow from 7:00 - 8:00 and 8:30-9:00 am . Thanks John
Sarah: Can you create a spreadsheet summarizing Enron's open futures interest broken down by commodity and broker , including maintenance and initial margin for all commodities ( including rates , currencies , gas , crude , etc) . Also , can you create a list of all margin financing agreements in place and the rates we pay . Thanks , John
Fine
Thanks . This is a project we should have done 5 years ago . John
Hey: So I was thinking about your NY problem...I might have an answer . The site lists cheap hotel specials . The problem is they won't list them until the Wednesday before the weekend . Check it out though . They have some reasonable deals . John
Must be nice to be a Wall Street executive
Thanks , have a good time but no interest. . John
Dave: I was thinking about our conversation yesterday . If El Paso , absent this power deal , were to give us physical gas for 8 years discounted at their WACC in exchange for an upfront cash payment from ENE , is that transaction a mark-to-market gain for us ? If not , what's the difference in paying them with an asset rather than cash . If it is a mark-to-market gain , isn't this a way to generate false P&L ? John
Ina: Did you find out the info on the ENA management committee> John
How about Tuesday at either 6:45 am or 2:15 pm my time .
Hey: Can you send me the file that you produced of those names so I can shrink it down a little ? Thanks , John
You didnt realize I was such a fucking bigshot did ya ? Check out the Sep 11 Fortune page 182 for more of the mojo .
Just some feedback on our EOL discussion . Whalley had similar thoughts about how to address the ICE issue . His thoughts are that if we are 4/5 on EOL , we post 1/8 on ICE . If someone betters the bid to 1.5 , a logic server automatically bumps up our bid to 1.75 . If someone betters that to 2 bid , we immediately go 2.25 bid . So we are always the best market on ICE so long as it is not inside our EOL 2-way . Thus the only way our best market shows on ICE is if without us the market is 3.75/5.25 , at which point our 4/5 market gets shown . If the 3.75 bid pulls out , so does our 4 bid . Our proposal was that if EOL was 4/5 we would always show ICE 3.75/5.25 . Think about which system you like better . Whalley loved Fletch's idea of running tally of brokerage saved and that will be implemented shortly . I am going to call another EOL meeting for everyone on the gas floor managing a product this week . The purpose will be to communicate about the importance of winning the electronic commerce game through a combination of improving 2-ways and killing the broker markets .
Dave: Just a reminder , can you send me a list of grandchildren to my products . Also , is it possible to systems-wise deny grandchildren to a specific product to ensure that the rule is enforced ? John
Ted: Lavorato wanted me to check on the $5,000,000 VAR extension . Is it possible to get this extended indefinitely until the west basis market settles down ? We will have a good percentage of the west position rolling off over the next week as well as indices get published . Please advise ASAP . John
Thanks
yes
I have never commented favorably nor unfavorably about Kase's newsletter . I think publishing independent market evaluations could be beneficial . The more interesting content that is published , the better .
Just FYI , whether it matters or not , but commissions in gas average $3-4 a contract . Not sure about power .
And you wonder why America is the most productive country in the world .
Frank: How do Sep basis positions roll off ? John
Fine with me
Please contact John Lavorato . He will be in charge of these budgetary issues . Thanks , John
She's out no bitch
Can you handle this please ?
Attached are settles tonight for seasons and years for next 10 years . Dutch is working on getting historical curves . He should have it by tomorrow morning . John
Did you get the magazines I sent you ?
Glad to see you're having so much fun with this . I've been here 5.5 years with nothing and then in one week I'm in Fortune and Time . Pretty funny . Things are going well here .  The big E just chugging along , bringing the stock price with it . Wish I could tell you everything new in my life , but I think I just did . Your long lost buddy , John
I have a membership to the Body Shop downstairs . Can you cancel that please ?
The Fortune article is about grassroots change within a company . It is written about the lady who started EOL , but I'm in it a little . Chief of natural gas derivatives...I'm not really sure what that means . I run the Nymex book now but not the floor..just the derivatives desk of five people . I'm actually going to Costa Rica tomorrow morn thru Monday . Never been but heard it's beautiful . Next time you're in we'll go out .
Please take me off your email list
Cliff: I have 4 tix to the Black Crowes for you , third row center . Where's your office now ? I'll come up and say hello this afternoon if you have a minute . John
just checking up on the status of the margin project... .
take me off your mailing list
Take me off your mail list
Yea...can you come by around 5:30 ?
Next Wednesday... .
Please take care of
all you big boy.. .
Please schedule me for 10/10 from 3:00-5:00 .
I'm here.. .
Please take care of this
you're right....they're full
I am not who you think I am . I have never been in IDRC nor am I in the profession . John
can yuo set me up for the 4:00 mtg
How about 4:00 ?
Who's the target audience and how is it being distributed ?
i filled in the spreadsheet
Come talk to me sometime after 4:00
I would like to participate in the Enron presentation at Vandy . John why would i be?? ?
Hello: I will not be able to attend the meeting but do have interest in being a tutor in any math subjects . Please advise , John
Agree completely . In that context , it looks good .
I'm actually trying to go through all my email from the week . What a pain in the ass . As soon as I finish one , another appears in my inbox . So how's life at ucla ?
yep...i'm always here
if you have a minute sometime today , please stop by . john
I spoke to Alfred Pennisi from MG today . MG clears their own trades and maybe some for other customers . He indicated that his cost for clearing is $3.05 round turn . If this is accurate , we need to evaluate whether clearing ourselves and issuing cp every night is less expensive than paying a higher clearing rate and getting access to financing . This is a question I hope your analysis of the true cost of clearing will answer . Also , fyi , over the past two days I have done two 6,000 lot EFP's with El Paso under the same structure I explained to you previously whereby long futures are transferred from his account to mine to lower initial margin costs .
Please remove me from your mailing list
Dave: A couple things about the limit orders: 1: When a customer opens up the limit order box , I think the time open should default to 12 hours . We want the orders open as long as possible . Now , it is more work to keep the order open for 12 hours than for 1 hour . Traditionally , limit orders are a day order , good for the entire trading session unless specified otherwise . 2 . Today Pete had 13,000/ day on his bid because he was hit for small size . When I tried to place a limit order , the quantity had to be in 5,000 increments of 13,000 ( i.e . 3000 , 8000 , 18000...) . I could not overwrite the quantity to be 15,000 . 3 . Everytime a limit order is placed , an error message occurs on the system saying error trade , price not available . 4 . Is there a way to modify a limit order , such as changing the price , without canceling it and resubmitting a new one ? If not , this would be a valuable feature . John
Greg: The guy from MG whom I spoke to about clearing was Alfred Pennisi , VP of Operations . He's out of NY . He indicated his clearing costs were $3.10 versus the $4.50-5.00 I'm paying now .
I'm in all day mtgs on Thursday and Friday . I'm free Wednesday afternoon
Jeff: Man is looking for money again to hold them over for yearend . Who do I need to talk to ? john
Thx for the spreadsheet . 2 questions : What time frame does this entail and does the correlation between the trader and AGG GAS include that trader's contribution to the floor's P&L . In other words , is my P&L correlated with the floor or is it correlated to the rest of the floor absent me ? Enron North America Corp .
You're not done yet big boy .
Do either of you have an objection to using Cantor as an OTC broker ?
see you there Enron North America Corp .
Steve: Sorry for the delay . I was actually out of the office Thursday and Friday...some Enron management training seminar bs . Count me as a probably for dinner on Friday . I know JP well . Darcy Carrol's number is 713-646-4930 . See you this wknd John
Eric: I passed the customer on to Jennifer Fraser and Fred Lagrasta . Please coordinate with them . Thanks , John
What'd you do to my Cowboys ?
can you please add this
Hi: The big money making floor ? I don't think I like that . Too much pressure...what happens if we screw up ? I went to the website and clicked on the link but all I got was a mess of characteres and symbols . Any ideas how I fix it ? John
I'm sorry but I have plans for Thursday already . Maybe next time . John
Mark: You've called it right thus far . Let's plan to get a drink after work on the 19th . Thanks , John
Ben: Jeff Shankman gave me your name . I have assumed Jeff's old responsibilities as head of the natural gas derivatives trading group . Our broker , EDF MAN , supplies us with $50 million of margin financing every night . They are trying to clean up their books for end of quarter and/or year on Sep 30 . They have asked if we can post the $50 million overnight on the 30th . We did this last year as well . Please advise , John
Thanks . This is exactly what I wanted . John Enron North America Corp .
It's getting harder and harder to root , root , root for the home team .
Hey freak: So we finally had LA type weather here for the past two days . Highs in the mid-70's . Beautiful . Life's just cruising along . Nothing new . I put a bid in for a condo in a new mid-rise building going up in West U that they accepted . If all goes as expected I'll move in next X-Mas . So are you adjusting to the big city . Got yourself a big Hollywood actor boyfriend yet ? John
I'm not sure what is happening on my position . It may have to do with how you shaped the forward vol and price curves at each level . My VAR is so dependent on spread levels and vols that a small change in the Jan vols could produce that effect . The results certainly provide evidence of a need for higher VAR going into the winter . John Enron North America Corp .
Joe: I just wanted to run this past you.. . John
I really liked the commercials about specifics ( i.e . weather , EOL , bandwidth) . The metal man was definitely at a different philosophical level than where my brain operates . Still not quite sure what was going on there . Ode was a bit too idealistic . The campaign in general was very different than previous . But I guess you know that and that's the point . Again , I think the commercials that showed why we are the most innovative were very impressive . Just telling people we are innovative made less of an impact . Sorry I ruined your run . At least you weren't molested by the River Oaks car thief .
Hello: I am John Arnold . I believe you're looking for Jeff Arnold .
Hi: Can you get me subscriptions to the following magazines: The Economist Energy Risk Management Havard Business Review Thanks , John
Jim: I apologize for the comment after your order . I knew you didn't like the market last night so I was surprised when you were an buyer this morning . It's not your style to change views quickly as you tend to trade with a longer term view . I was out of line with the comment and it won't happen again . John
this is home.enron.com .
Thank you for sending this . If only you sent it a couple hours earlier . Just kidding . T Boone must have heard this because he sold everything today . 9000 contracts . John
Looks good . I'm a little confused as to how many users can be on . The system needs to be able to handle 50+ users at one time , each being able to post messages any time .
As far as lunch , it's a done deal . I need names of people who should be allowed . It is not for the whole floor , but rather for people who need to stay at their desk during the day . Please advise , John Enron North America Corp .
What design are you talking about ? Do I have pink elephants on all my emails or something ? I'm very enthused that I have the skillset to be an advertising critic when I grow up . It's something I've always wanted to do . PS . I'm a little sarcastic as well .
Boys: I'm sorry you were not able to attend last night . I do appreciate your efforts to make this book as successful as it has been . It's not quite the same as being in my company , but take your respective wives , or swap , I don't care , out this weekend on me . Try to keep it under $300 per couple . Keep up the good work , John
Jeff: Anything ever happen with Pedron ? John
Just an update: Today I set up a front month fixed price gas daily product priced at parity to NYMEX . I thought the response was tremendous . It really shows that we might have an angle to put out more of the curve and become the predominant benchmark for the industry rather than the exchange . One problem I had was linking 2 syncopated basis products . I set up a new product for the prompt that was Nov GD/D Henry Hub that was a syncopated basis of 0/0 to the Nov Nymex . However , since Dec Nymex is a syncopated basis to Nov Nymex , I could not set up a syncopated basis link around the Dec Nymex . Any ideas ?
Can you swap me with Fletch . Try to make all of my interviews as late as possible . John
Russell: I think I should give you a little background on small ventures . Bill Perkins and I have a strong personal and professional relationship . He is an extremely creative individual . Whalley actually commented on him today as someone "who thinks outside the box" . Bill actually sat in a bar four years and said the next tradeable market would be bandwidth . He has been successful in the gas business when he has had someone to filter his ideas . As such he provides an informal consulting role to Enron . He throws out ideas and , every once in a while , he comes up with a great one . He pointed out an anomalous pricing occurence in the options market , a market I normally don't follow closely , that I translated into a multimillion dollar trade for Enron . In return , I have agreed to have Enron intermediate his trades within reason . I want to emphasize that continuing this relationship should be considered a high priority . I am willing to accept some of the credit risk exposure as a cost of doing business . Bill understands his role as an independent in the market and performs the right risk/reward trades for someone with finite capital . I place very high confidence in Bill not conducting high risk trades . Having said that , we certainly need to monitor his credit exposure and continue to require LC's . Just understand that he is at a different level of sophistication that any other non-investment grade counterparty . I understand there was some concern in regards to the Transco Z6 spread option he traded . He was absolutely right about the valuation and we , on the trading desk , knew it as well . There are a couple isolated products that Enron does not do a good job of valuing because of systems limtations . This was one product . Our spread options are booked in Excel using option pricing models created by the research group . The problem with these models is that they are strictly theoretical and don't take into account gas fundamental price limitations . For instance , it is less probable , though not impossible , for a transport spread from a production area to a market area to go within variable cost than the models predict . Thus it is necessary to apply a correlation skew curve on top of the overlying correlation used . Obviously , we have this function in our pricing models . I was not aware this methodology had not been transferred to the valuation models . This has since been changed . Fortunately these incidents tend to be extremely rare as very few non-investment grade companies trade these types of products . Finally , on Friday Bill wanted to do a trade that reduced his exposure to Enron . I gave Mike Maggi the go ahead to do the trade without consulting credit . I do not believe that I acted out of line in approving this trade considering the circumstances . If you believe differently , please advise . Thanks , John
John: I have asked Mike and Larry to spend half an hour each talking to you about opportunities on the gas floor . Please advise if the following schedule is unacceptable . I will be leaving today at 2:15 . Larry 4:00-4:30 Mike 4:30-5:00 Thanks , John
Mark: Let's keep the present system for the short-term . I would like to continue looking at your work for another couple weeks . We'll talk later , John
Credit lines are like bandwidth . Create the capacity and we'll find a way to use it .
Received
Hey: I just want to confirm the trades I have in your book . Net result: I have 4000 F in your book @ 4902 . Thanks , John
Premonition ? From: Jennifer Fraser 10/04/2000 03:01 PM
Mark: We are still on for drinks on the 19th . You have called the market very well since you started sending me updates . Unfortunately for both of us , a couple of good calls does not a soothsayer make . Thus , keep sending me your updates so I can at least get a little broader judgment of your abilities . In terms of my trading style , I take positions to make $.25-$1 , not $.05 . Too much noise in this market to trade differently for me .
Can you handle this . Please forward all names on the daily P&L sheet . I get a copy every day if you need .
Something to take a look at Thanks
Sorry for not responding . I don't look at my email constantly through the day . Don't have much to do in Q/U still it widens back out . Thanks , John
Yea . . . the later the better .
Oops , I hadn't gotten to this one yet . Can we do it any later ?
Dave: We spend a tremendous amount of resources and money collecting information . Further , the flow we see gives us an advantage in the market . We have little interest in distributing this info outside of the building . I hope you understand . Good luck to your brother .
yes
Adam: Good question . The exchange , NYMEX , and I , Enron Online , offer a nearly identical product . The fight is over which execution model is superior . I would argue that technology will make open outcry exchanges extinct . It's happened in Europe already . The largest commodity exchange in Europe , the LIFFE , went with a parallel electronic system to open outcry . Within weeks , the floor was deserted and virtually all trading occurred electronically . I still trade on the exchange because we have credit issues with individuals and certain hedge funds that limit the trading we can do with them direct . The exchange still provides a credit intermediation function that is useful . It is certainly an issue that we are trying to address . John
Please call me at 713 557 3330
I can do it either way but would much rather just make it the simple average of prices , 5 per week .
I was long 4000 X @ 4902 , then I switched it from X to F at the same price . I switched it at 5000 , but it puts me into the F at a price basis of 4902 . Sorry for the confusion . Enron North America Corp .
Yea , I'm picking up 2 tix today....hopefully . John
John: Please call Lavorato's secretary , Kim , and schedule a time to talk with John ASAP . Thanks , John
how about 4:45 ?
Absolutely . Come by around 3:30? ?
how's 3:00 ?
No 0-jun 1 indicative offer is 4.85
I've got your tix . Just two though . I left them in my car . Can you walk down with me around 11:45-12:00 ?
Hey: I hope you know we were just kidding with you yesterday . We don't get many strangers on the floor so we have to harass them when we do . I think I am a couple of the "we are not" attributes in your book . Is that going to cause me any problems going forward ? John
I will not be able to attend Enron North America Corp .
sounds good
how was the concert ? I do not have high speed service yet .
Sounds as if you went to a better show than I did . The game was very sloppy . They tied 0-0 . Not too exciting .
sure
Yea , problem is I left at noon to catch my flight , but Marc had a later flight because NY is closer to Columbus than here . Right after I left , the market got very busy and Marc decided to stay at work and not go . So that sucked .
Gary: Just checking to see if the Trader's Roundtable includes us gas boys . I would certainly be interested in attending . John
Jerk Lady , c'mon...you're just one of the guys ! Wanna go to Treasures tonight ?
of course.. . just kidding . Aldo's next week . you're done . Open up your checkbook baby .
pira's certainly got the whole market wound up . I've seen a wave of producer selling for the first time in two months over the past two days . Most selling Cal 1 off the back of Pira . Pira certainly commands a lot of respect these days . Too much , probably . The problem with all these bull spreads ( ie F-H ) is the thought process in natty is that if Jan is strong , just think what happens when you get to March and run out of gas . The spread game is very different than playing crude . These spreads haven't moved for the past 1000 point runup . You know there were guys bullish this market trying to play it with spreads and haven't made a penny . Just to clarify , Pira said 3 bcf y on y for Z1 ? That seems hard to believe .
Oh yea , I always get those two places confused .
A couple of issues: 1 . I'm having trouble setting a syncopated basis child of a syncopated basis child ( grandchild) . Is this not currently allowed by the system ? 2 . I have a lot of counterparties whom click on hub gas daily when they meant to trade nymex . Although I would like the nymex filter to bring gas dailies , is there anyway to separate them a little more clearly . Eventually I would like to run all my products in parallel with gas daily , but I'm restricted right now by issue #1 . Please advise , John
I can't get into this....any ideas ?
how about 4:00 ?
yea , how about 3:30 ?
anything new in the world of marketing ?
I've got a "strategy" mtg from 3:00 - 5:00 . It's very important . I've got to strategize about things . Not sure about exactly what . Just things .
how about 6:00 for drinks
sure , stop by and we'll arrange a place to meet . If you come by during trading hours though , I can only say hi for a couple seconds .
So , what is it ? And by the way , don't start with the excuses . You're expected to be a full , gourmet cook . Kisses , not music , makes cooking a more enjoyable experience .
We both thank you
Please call her and schedule
It's funny the spreads in gas . First , in gas , you can play the seasonality game . Does anybody want to buy M/N at 1 back . No , of course not . But in crude , m/n at . 10 back is normal . definitely a game as you try to keep month on month spreads somewhat within reason while preserving year on year spreads and creating equilibrium for where cal 2 on back hedging and spec demand is . that's why cal 2 is as high as it is . when was the last time the most bullish part of the nat gas curve was prompt month . i can't remember w/o looking at charts . it's always the mentality of: if it's tight now what about July or what about winter . i think that's why the winter spreads are a piece . the z/f/g fly is interesting . i think z/f can and will settle backw . just a high prob it goes cantango first . Still seeing sellside interest in term . definitely a result of pira . will probably get absorbed in the next two weeks as everybody forgets about them and watches the front of the curve . previous to that conference , the producers just didnt want to sell anything . tired of writing us a big check every month . so not only am i in on weekends , but they just put a computer in my house so i can work at home at night . it's really my only time to sit and think without the phones and eol going crazy . they better pay me for the decline in my lifestyle . 
can you find out if the tech group has scheduled installation of a dsl line in my apartment ?
The following are my bids for the asian option:
think you're pretty clever , don't you ?
if only i didn't have a position today I'd be ok
6 months severence minus any errors
Hello: I received this by mistake .
Adam: Hope your interview goes well . Things are going crazy in the gas market so , unfotunately , I'm stuck at my desk and can't go up for interviews . As far as the interview goes , my advise would be the same as any interview . Be confident . Answer the question asked . Don't be afraid to say you don't know but don't make excuses . Express interest in why you find Enron appealing compared to the other 100 companies interviewing . The trading training program is still in the works . Few people outside the trading area are even aware of its existence at this point so I wouldn't ask any questions about it in the interviews . If you receive an offer , it would probably be for a normal analyst position with the opportunity to enter the training program when you arrive . Not sure about that last statement though . The training program is geared towards our two most mature and pure trading business areas: gas and power . There are still a large number of other trading spots in our developing commodities side that would not fall under the program . That's a function of the program being developed by the head of these two businesses . Not ready to take it corporate-wide yet . Write me about how your interviews went . Good luck: John
Andy: I tried to open EOL at 4 on Sunday , but we had systems problems that delayed the opening until 6:05 . This is the third time in four or five sessions when EOL had problems on Sunday . Anything you can do to improve reliability would be appreciated . John
i heard he's interviewing to be Shankman's right hand man
still have not received credit for funds wired 11/16 . Please advise .
hey: what was the first cd we listened to on Wednesday at my place ? john
No , i thought you would have known . don't tell shank i told you .
you just might never get it back
pretty much all traders
Do you know my hr rep's name ?
Brian Hoskins is an analyst who rotated off the gas floor . Pete Keavey now reports to Scott Neal My aa is Ina Rangel Enron North America Corp .
Thanks...It just seems like all the time .
don't forget you owe me dinner.. .
not me
Certainly encourage CSFP to transact all volumes with us . If they shop the deal , everyone will front-run the volumes and they won't get a good price on the deal . Financial deals settle 5 days after the index has been published . Physical deals settle much later . My understanding is this is a financial deal .
Deathly afraid doesn't even come close to describing it . Busy tonight . How bout tomorrow ?
lumber
The el orbits , eh ? i've heard of them but don't remember who they are . there is a chance i've seen them at satellite i guess . my , you are nosey . i have a little date tonight . wanna come along ?
yea , i'll talk to them . who should i call ?
Don't even think you're getting out of this with the "for a while" crap . Just for that you can add a star to the place we're going .
careful...i'm having another bad day
i didn't say you couldnt come down . just not to expect much
where's the site that i can sell my vote ?
my polling location is the knights of columbus hall . what exactly is a knight of columbus ?
very interesting... . i've been looking for new activities . maybe i was born to be a knight
it just wasn't the same without you . how was el doritos ?
thanks
Dave: Can you do the same printout today of children for product #33076 Thanks John
that's fine
Can we do the meeting today at 4:00 ?
hey podner: where are you buying me dinner tonight ?
use 380
you think that's a valid excuse ? whatever... .
no actually i was here until 700 . . . filming a movie
yea they were doing spoofs on the rules of business . i'll tell you about it later . kind of funny . however , it took 2 hours for 30 seconds of film
what time did you get in ?
Errol: I did not write up these access trades from Friday . Please make sure they are in . John
Is it possible to reschedule the commercial meeting from Wednesday . Wednesday is the busiest day of the week for the gas floor . Please advise , John
yep
welcome to the world of electronic market making . .  . it's fun , huh ?
Stephanie: Please set up Mike Maggi for trding on Intercontinental Exch . Thanks , John
Hello: I am not able to pull up the link for the short term outlook for natural gas . Can you please make sure the link is updates . Thanks , John
I almost forget about your debt , but then your BMW 315ia reminded me of it .
Alan: I received your email . I'll make sure it goes through the proper channels . It may help if you give specific positions that interest you most as Enron is such a big place , it will help focus the resume to the right people . John
get lost
best GUESS P&L tonight is +7
isn't market making on electronic systems fun?? ?
I'm always here so just coordinate with my assistant , Ina Rangle . Thanks , John
Hello: It is the Blue Men Group . Two friends highly recommend it . It's in the Astor Theatre on Lafayette in the Village . 43rd should be good . I think you woul dhave had more flavor in Harlem though
Hey: Haven't had the best of months . Like you had some good positions but others wiped out everything . Unbelievable how the whole curve moves as one for 6 months and then separates completely . The z/f/g and f/g/h flies are amazing . Something definitely out of whack . Hard to believe cash in Z will be cantango to F and front spread , F/G , will be 40 . Spreads definitely implying we will see some $10+ prints on daily cash at the hub this winter . Hell , already seeing it in the West . The system is just broken there . interesting to see if it is a sign of what can come in the east later . definitely more flexibility in the east so the blowouts won't occur until latter part of the winter . the inelasticity of demand continues to be unbelievable . who would have thunk it . Gas can be 3 times what it was one year ago and not a significant loss of demand . market definitely trained to buy the dips at this point . continues to be a very trending market . most days finish on the intraday high or low . Pira told the boys to hedge jv and cal 2 and the impact has been significant . i quote bids on term strips 5 times a day . understand they are changing their view somewhat tomorrow . wait and see if it relieves some back pressure . very surprised at lack of spec long interest in jv at 4.5 considering the scenario that's being painted .
i assume means carrying equity positions , which of course the line would not be used for . john
eat shit
Hey: Hope you're enjoying the Holidays . I don't have your cell phone # , so call me if you get bored this week . Sorry I didn't return your call Monday . I'll be in the Big D . You can reach me on my cell or , better yet , at 972 934 3440 . Adios amigos: John
Bet voided
who were you trying to bet on? ?
The agreement is fine . I'll mail it out .
good seats sill available
Please tell me he's not analyzing bollinger bands .
Z/F ! !! ! wow . Who would have thunk it . Prompt gas at $6+ and Z/F as wide as last year . Hard to think of a better scenario for it to flip . Rather , hard to think of any scenario for any z/f to be contango . if it couldn't do it this year... . A lot of boys max withdrawing out of storage because that's what the curve told them to do last bid week . Obviously , more gas trying to come out than is being burned , so you have to incentivize an economic player , like an Enron , to inject . Problem is if we stick it in the ground now , we're pulling it out in G . When you had z/g at 35 back and cash getting priced off g , cash/z looks awfully weak , thus putting a lot of pressure on z/f . Storage economics will always dictate this market except maybe latter half of winter . Buyers of h/j at 70 certainly hope so anyways . Agree with you that back half of the winter should be strong . storage boys are withdrawing today and buying that . bottom fishing in f/g yet or is it going to zero ?
CONGRATULATIONS
appears as though the time to get in was last wednesday and everybody already missed their chance to get out
no thanks .
plan drinks for any day early in the week
i'll let you know if they invite me this year .
someone had a foul odor for sure
Jim: Your words of encouragement are greatly appreciated . I've certainly had some troubles this quarter . I do appreciate your offer but I don't want to take away from the amazing year you've had so far . Maybe you should come trade this.. . John
don't know . think a little bit of everyone as the storage guys own it all .
seems crazy . if you're willing to ride it for a few cents against you it's a great trade . who knows where they're going in th eshort term though
i think it is something we need to do . please set it up
A funny story: Because Access was up 75 cents last night , Nymex made a trading limit of unchanged to +150 . After 20 minutes of trading , we were at unchanged and the exchange stopped trading for an hour . Rappaport , the exchange president , was standing by to make sure everything was orderly . Obviously , the locals weren't too happy about the exchange closing . One yelled at Rappaport.. . "Why don't you take your million dollar bonus and go buy Enron stock"
why does everybody in this company know my p&l???? ?
cant handle the pressure of big money? ?
amazing how with cash futures at $1 and the back such a piece that f/g under such pressure . month 2 has been the strongest part of the board all year . will be interesting to see what happens when h/j is prompt . could j actually be strong ? seems like of the spreads on the board the best risk reward is in f/g . a little worried about having the z/f effect again . that is , all spec length trying to roll and funds trying to roll at the same time leading to some ridiculous level at expiry . any thoughts ?
a couple more thoughts . certainly losing lots of indutrial demand both to switching and slowdown in economy . Big 3 automakers all temporarily closing plants for instance . switching is significant and has led to cash in the gulf expiring weak everyday . gas daily spread to prompt trading at $1....need some very cold weather to justify that . this seems to be the test of the next 3-5 days . Will the switching/loss of demand/storage management keep cash futures spread at reasonable levels or will it blow to $5+ . Not too many years ago we had a $50 print on the Hub . unless we get some crazy prints , you have to question the steep backwardation in the market . funny watching the flies in the front . Bot large chunk of g/h/j at $.50 friday morning . probably worth 1.30 now . crazy . people have seen each front spread be weak since forever and are already starting to eye up g/h . what's the thoughts on distillates.. . is it tight enough such that gas switching is the marginal mmbtu of demand and pulls it up or is the market too oversupplied to care ?
Catherine: Sorry it's been so long since I could respond . With the craziness here I am way behind on everything . #2 . volume way down on exchange recently with recent volatility . volume probably averaging 25000 these days . EOL volume averaging around 14000 . Very high percent of market . Current market conditions shows why our transactional model of being one side of every trade is superior . #3 . good liquidity first 3 years . okay liquidity years 4-6 . #4 . calendar 2004-2008 maybe 1 trade a day . 70% chance Enron is one side . calendar 2009-2013 very rare that it trades .
absolutely agree . the thought is always , even if cash is piece of shit today...wait until the future . here's my question: what is the environment whereby f/g is worth $.50 . is there a market scenario where this happens ?
yep
come by whenever
remember when you said there is a reason they call them bear spreads ? bring up a chart of f/g or g/h . f/g is tighter now than anytime since march 99 when ff1 was worth 2.50 amazing
and they say it was purely coincidental the announcement came today . 6 is fine .
saw a lot of the bulls sell summer against length in front to mitigate margins/absolute position limits/var . as these guys are taking off the front , they are also buying back summer . el paso large buyer of next winter today taking off spreads . certainly a reason why the spreads were so strong on the way up and such a piece now . really the only one left with any risk premium built in is h/j now . it was trading equivalent of 180 on access , down 40+ from this morning . certainly if we are entering a period of bearish to neutral trade , h/j will get whacked . certainly understand the arguments for h/j . if h settles $20 , that spread is probably worth $10 . H 20 call was trading for 55 on monday . today it was 10/17 . the market's view of probability of h going crazy has certainly changed in past 48 hours and that has to be reflected in h/j .
hey: any interest in seeing cirque du soleil saturday ?
just called they're on vacation for two weeks.......that sucks
please remind me
Andy: I just spoke to a guy named Neil Hanover . He is a fund trader for a company in London . He asked the head EOL marketer to give him a call about setting him up on the system . Can you help ? john
can you program my steno in the offices like the ones on my desk ?
Any idea what amount of switching in gas equivalents does the implied demand of resid equate to ?
i know
the market had to get to a price whereby these guys shut down . there is just not enough gas to allow everybody who wants to to burn it . the elasticity of demand is in the industrial sector . million dollar question is have we gotten to a high enough price whereby we end the year with gas in the ground and deliverability to meet a late cold snap . shutdown of processing , distillate and resid switching , loss of industrial load...maybe we have . good holidays , john
asshole
asshole
sorry didnt respond to your message . don't know how to do that instant messenger thing anymore . volume very , very light . most of stated volume in spreads and TAS . No one seems to want to be in the office this week . Everyone wants to get this year over with . Keep pumping in the fundamental info . very good stuff and i'm not getting it anywhere else .
Here is the name of an available options trader: Jeremy Sorkin VP , Deutsche Bank Would fit Enron culture , but have had little contact with him professionally . Might be worth bringing him in . Tell me if you want me to call him .
Please approve Dutch for ICE Enron North America Corp .
The positions went over limits due to the sale of HPL and subsequent unwind of hedges associated with the transaction . Attempts are being made to unwind those positions currently
wish you guys were going a week earlier . i'm going next weekend . too much vegas is bad for the soul....and the wallet .
what is this?? ?
very useful...thx . keep me posted thx and have fun on vaca
fill me in . how can i eavesdrop? ?
please set me up to trade crude . John
Torrey: Can you also approve Mike Maggi to trade crude as well . Thanks for your help . John
that info is correct . i would have paid you in full Tueday morning and resigned my bookie services.. .
if we were open today , where would you open it ?
i was thinking about 25 . i'll sell everything on access down 15
you must bet sugar and orange bowls
take me off your mailing list
i'm paying you in stock options
take me off your mailing list
He joined the group 2 weeks ago . Put him in my cost center .
Ed: I am starting options on EOL in about two weeks . As we discussed earlier , I don't have the appropriate manpower to run this in certain circumstances , such as when I'm out of the office . As such , I'd like to bring in John Griffith for anohter round of interviews for an options trading role with your permission . John
are you free for a drink/dinner Wednesday night ?
glad you enjoyed yourself even though you didnt get to go to ny . maybe next year . Had a great time in new orleans but it was freezing . nice to get away . going to vegas this weekend to watch the football games . love you , john
what is the ( correct ) formula you devised for profitability on last trade is mid ?
I want John to interview with the various desk heads ( Scott , Hunter , Phillip , Tom) . I think I'm going to tell John not to mention the past . It's an issue that doesn't need to be made public and as long as Lavo and myself are okay with it , I don't see the need to get individual approval from everyone . Thanks for your help , John
John: I would like for you to come talk to a couple more people on the gas floor about a possible position down the road . My assistant Ina Rangle is going to schedule a couple interviews . Please coordinate with her . John
what's this about ?
please schedule a round of interviews with john griffith with scott , hunter , phillip , and tom asap ( today if possible) .
You are hereby invited to the tenth annual Spectron/Enron Celebrity Tony's dinner featuring Brian Tracy , John Arnold , and Mike Maggi . Regrets only , John
sorry i've taken so long...just been trying to fend off the chicks . life is sooooo hard sometimes . MONKEY ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
next Thursday at 7:00 pm
Can you put a notice on EOL that due to MLK day , we will be closed Sunday and be offering Nymex products only from 4-7 on Monday . Thanks , John
Glad to hear progress is being made . I went to Vandy but a little later.. . 1992-5 .
a couple of observations from here: cash/futures getting whacked . whereas last weekend cash traded $1 over G , this weekend will probably trade $.15 over . the lack of weather giving the market time to regroup . good thing because another week of cold and the system was going to break . certainly still has that chance in feb . saw utilities recently staying on a verystrict withdrawal schedule and meeting any extra demand through spot market . in effect , they said we're not withdrawing anymore so we'll buy marketers storage . they had to encourage marketers to sell it to them , so cash was extremely strong in periods of even normal demand and should continue to be if/when any weather comes again . this week demand so low that utilities can meet demand without buying much in mkt . g/h getting whacked in sympathy . probably priced 25 term deals through broker market and own originators in past two days . 24 were from the buy side . it's as if pira came in and told everyone term was cheap . however , they've got the opposite view . customers just seeing gas at $4 anytime as being okay now . don't see any let up in back support for a while . front spreads the hardest call right now . g/h h/j j/k ? ? ? can't decide what to do with them and from the volatility in them , appears neither can anybody else . almost think best play is taking feb gas daily against march , hoping for a cold spell that breaks the system and get a couple $20+ prints in cash . probably as likely to happen in g as h and g/h has much less downside . doing well here . actually having the best month ever 11 days in . played front short against term length . got out of front shorts today . probably early but gas has a history of getting off the canvas when least expected . will keep term length meanwhile . i've hated summer backwardation forever . agree about u/h . a little less crazy about the trade now because i think the easy money was made over the past two days . unbelievable spec demand for next winter over past week kept summer winter spread constant on rally up and crushed on move down . jv/xh went from 22 to 3.5 in 5 days while front virtually unchanged . don't know what to think of this summer longer term . certainly not as easy as it was last summer when it was obvious $3 was not equilibrium for gas . now $6 for this summer , i don't know . we're gonna have to inject the hell out of gas and keep some demand priced out for a long time . but we will feel production increase hit the market . just buy vol .
i said i'm a vp and run natural gas derivatives trading and she asked if she could eliminate derivatives because then she'd have to write two more sentences about what that was .
i don't ask...i think he think he'll jinx it if he talks about it .
speed on eol message for monday how to move to algorithms dave or tom moran
telerate on my computer at home is not working . can you get fixed ? john
I'll be there
of course . i think you have a few favors in the bank with me . do you need 4 or 8 ?
we'll do it next time you're in town . thanks , john no thx i'll send them soon
try jshankm@enron.com john
checking to see if you're still on for dinner . wine room at aldo's at 7:00 . drinks at your place before ? john
Tom: My assistant spoke to Judy Smith about myself and my partner grabbing an extra seat on the jet to Tampa . My partner and I were invited to the game by a couple of gentlemen from New York that I do business with . Unfortunately , since I run the nat gas derivatives desk and February expiration is next Monday , the only way we could go is if the jet were coming back Sunday night . No commercial flights would get us back in time . Judy indicated it was fine if we caught a ride on the way back , so my contacts in NY booked the trip , including buying game tickets . I am now hearing that you may be leaving early Sunday night . I was just wondering if your plans had firmed up . Obviously , it would be tremendously helpful to me if the plane were leaving after the game . Please advise , John
fine
Hey: Sorry I've taken a few days to respond . Just the more I think about it , the worse of an idea it seems for both of us . There is nothing good that can come of it either professionally or personally . I still regard you as a good friend . Nothing has changed that nor do I think we need to act weird around each other going forward . Something I think we both wanted to try and we did . Maybe best left there though . John
Gentlemen: The following champagne is available at 70% of approximate retail price . Also have interest in trading for red wine . Retail prices derived from Spec's website or Winesearcer.com . Wine has been stored at temperature controlled private wine storage facility . Quan Vintage Wine Retail 3 1990 Perrier Jouet Brut Fleur de Champagne 110 Any interest? ?
Hey: Any interest in King Biscuit after work? ?
huh ?
Greg: Somehow I talked Lavo into it . Can you reserve your jet for this Sunday around midnight ? Thanks , John
Guys: We are going to run EOL on Sunday from 2-4 pm due to the big game . Can you post a message on EOL to that respect . John
Andy: I just briefed Lavorato on the credit issues . His comment was that Bradford is going through defcom 3 over California right now and to give him a week when things start to get sorted out there . John
Please respond to Jennifer
you're done
check with mike and dutch . can they come any earlier ?
thank you four you're note . i am only twelv years old so i wont bid anymore . i am sorry .
Contact Andy Rowe at 713 966 2107 . They are a medium term fundamental energy player . They have never indicated any interest in anything besides nymex or hub gas daily , but that may change . They have interest in trading on EOL but have not gotten approval yet .
i will try to get tomorrow . if not , is another day okay ?
i got 2 for tomorrow .
we have 4 do you want them ?
agree guys are short h/j . hard to see a big move with cash/futures trading flat . agree that it has some squeeze potential though . Started moving today as , simultaneously , march started running up and j aron won a big customer deal . customer , maybe a hedge fund , bot 1000+ jv 450 puts . weather frustrating me too . a little long but it's in the backs so I haven't been hurt . Sure would be nice to get some more weather and have this thing start going crazy again . Seen liquids processing come back on at these levels . Would guess more than 50% has from peak . Industrial demand different story . industrial economy just so weak that many petchems and others are burning less because of their markets , not fuel costs . Chrystler is a prime example . Any switching back to gas from industrial or switching back to domestic production from overseas muted by weak economy .
quit pressuring them i want to sell some too . actually sold a few at 9 on the close
i actually started writing this on thursday . got distracted and left late morning to go to Vail . Apparently I missed a little craziness . My point on v/x is that forward spreads , months 3/4 and back , don't necessarily trade on value , they trade on drawing a forward curve that makes equilibrium between hedging and spec demand . Look at k/m.. . do you think k cash will average 3 cents above m . i don't really see that scenario . yet that's what it is worth because the market says jv is worth $x and to get there k/m=3 . The same argument applies to v/x . i think this summer will be exceptionally strong as we try to inject 2 bcf/d more gas than last year . But cal 2 will lag the move . It's the main thing customers are selling right now because every equity analyst and even Pira are telling their customers that cal 2 will average 3.50 . so either the v/x and x/z spreads come in or f/g g/h h/j blow out . After this winter , who in there right mind wants to buy f/g or g/h again . my thought is that the primary juice will be h/j but v/x and x/z will be under some pressure . i'm a seller at 9 and buyer at 5-6 . Not much in it either way though .
no.. . i went with matt thurell from koch . they've got some corporate townhouse out there . very nice . good to see the old days of waste aren't completely gone yet .
Neal: Referencing Apr-Oct 5315/35 and Nov-Mar 534/536 , on the following volumes I am 533/536 . Feel free to call to transact . 713-853-3230
Mr Sturm: Due to the California power crisis , Enron Gas Trading is unable to extend sell authorization on options to Enron Power Trading . Please call if you should desire to sell any options and credit will be extended on a trade-by-trade basis . We apologize for any inconvience . Sincerely: John Arnold Vice President , Gas Trading Enron North America
probably not . it would have to have a lot of upside . never hurts to listen though
will do
he sends me his stuff.. . i like him because he's willing to take a stand . so many technicians bullshit their way "support at 5400-5600 but if it breaks that look for 5250" . if every technician put specific trades on a sheet with entry and exit points and published them every day , a lot of people would be unemployed .
don't care about the front . i think its vulnerable to a good short squeeze like we saw on thruday and friday . trade is getting short in here with cash such a piece . if weather ever changes , which the weather boys are saying it might in 2 weeks , the cash players are going to be big buyers . don't really want to carry length on the way down waiting for that to happen though . Backs are crazy stong . cal 3 traded as high as +10 . everybody a buyer as california trying to buy any fixed price energy they can find
remove from email list
i think you're absolutely right about q/u . again just a question of when to put it on . Seems as if I'm always on the offer of that spread . yesterday i had a 4.5 offer all day and i think i got 50 or so . i can almost leg it better by buying winter and selling summer and the j/q spread . i would like to see it widen another penny before stepping in and i think with the weakness in the winter and relative weakness of cal 2 , on any rally that could happen . was that you on the q/u/v fly yesterday ?
but what's a pig ?
you will have 4 tix . make your plans
just sold 500 q/u at . 05 that was the pop i'm looking for
this is the move i was talking about . v/x implicitly trading 5.5 right now because cal 2 is weak . some sell side deal got done there but jv is strong
you fucker that's my trade . i was trying to buy nines the last 20 minutes . all i got was scraps . 50-100 . i think it's a great trade .
split connect
we need one more good shot of cool air to ensure complete and utter chaos for the next 10 months . hopefully this is it . you gotta love heffner...'if we take out the jan 31 low there is NO WAY anything bullish can happen'
cute girlfriends... . I'm in
cute girlfriends... . I'm in
i think we would rally if march were the only thing traded . Problem is summer and on out so weak . trade scale up seller of jv as it gets close to 600 . some customer selling in cal 2 . so h/j and j/k need to blow out because no other spread is moving . i'm a seller of j/k so h/j needs to blow . all other trade is scale up seller of that so it can move but slowly . it's a struggle each penny at this point . at least one spread needs to break if we're going to run and i don't see that happening .
i think taking a cab is more convenient assuming we can find one on the way back .
hey hon: had a great time last night . you're one ok chick . john
can you change deal 27 ( paribas ) today to NYMEX from gas daily
can you change #23 and #375 to Nymex
yea
imagine you have a gas well in the middle of west texas and you only have one pipeline running to your well . the guy who owns the pipeline can fuck you because you have no choice but to flow your gas that way . split connect means you have at least 2 options to flow your gas so the price the producer receives is more competitive and if anything happens to one pipeline you don't have to shut your gas in because you move it to another pipe . i'm going out with my brother and sime guys from work tonight . are you free saturday day and night ?
can you send it through lavo . he's suppose to pay for it . thanks , john
Ina: Can you change my meeting with Sheriff's boys to Tueday after 3:00 from Monday . Also , stick me on thedistribution for the Enron press pack that has all the articles in which Enron is mentioned . Thanks
Cast John Arnold Bill Perkins Dean Theriot ( trainer ) Dean: What's your favorite restaurant ? John: Why , are you trying to make Valentine's Day plans ? Dean : No . I'm ready . I've already bought a Valentine's card . Bill : John's ready too . He already has his Valentine's hickey .
Liz: I have 4 tickets for Destiny's child for you . They're pretty good seats . I'll put these on hold while I still try to get a box.. . John
the end of the season is typically the best month to hold . Even if the first part of the summer is weak , people will be hesistant to sell the back half . Same with the winter . That's why I'm long H2 . It has good correlation with the front on up moves and tends to hold value on the down move .
i am free for drinks after work but have dinner plans
it's one of those theoretically great trades , but those don't always work . Still , I'll put it on and win 7 times out of 10 . just so hard for the market to rally the backwardation is so weak . can easily see h going under if no weather appears .
Yesterday , Aquilla sold March at 5.77 and 5.76 for HeHub . Please change it to Nymex
i'll check
Will change
Please change as indicated
Ina: Can you get a small drink refrigerator for the office stocked with: Water ( lots ) Diet Coke Coke Dr . Pepper Diet Pepsi Various Fruit Drinks Thanks , John
I would do that . I tried calling but got your voicemail . Try me at 713 853
Andy: Can you remove ICE from mine and Mike Maggi's computer . Also , do we have a list of who has it installed . I hate supporting our competition . John
both . i have it on dutch's machine just in case something ever pops up but it rarely does
We will open EOL 4-7 on Monday for everyone's trading pleasure .
We've started breaking out separate P&L's . It's been a very difficult process so far for a number of reasons . The last processes will be separating out the P&L on the executive reports and on VAR . That will happen this week . Meanwhile , the P&L will be retroactive to the start of the year and we are going through all the positions such that the total skew is zero or an adjustment will be made to get it there . At the end of the year there will be a number next to Maggi's name that he will not dispute . His contribution to the fixed side when I'm on vacations or in meetings will continue to be a subjective process .
Looks good except for settlement period . Industry standard and for ease to Enron , a spread trade is treated as two separate trades . Therefore , there will be two settlement periods for the respective legs of the transaction . The file below states settlement period is 5 days after both legs have been set . Please change to 2 settlement periods , 5 days after each respective leg has been set . John Enron North America Corp .
Michael: Appreciate the idea . However , with my natural long , I'm not looking to really trade around the position . I believe ENE will continue to be range bound , but in case it is not , I don't want to forgo 50% of my option premium . I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy . To that regards , I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls . I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options . Please look into that for me . John .
Thank you .
Andy: Enjoyed meeting with you . One more thing I did not address . My ultimate goal is to move all volume to EOL . However , in addition to the NYMEX , we have about 6 other viable electronic trading systems . We make it a point to never support these if possible . We will only trade if the other system's offer is at or greater than our bid . For instance , if we are 6/8 but have a strong inclination to buy and another system is at 7 , I will simultaneously lift their 7's and move my market to 7/9 . The lesson the counterparty gets is he will only get the trade if I'm bidding 7 and he will only get executed when it is a bad trade to him . People have learned fairly quickly not to leave numbers on the other systems because they will just get picked off . If they don't post numbers on the other systems , the systems get no liquidity and die . I mention this because I have heard that Enron is a fairly large trader on Spectron's system . I don't know whether it is in regards to gas , power , or metals . Just something to think about and maybe talk about with the other traders . John
I think so in a month or so . Problem now is that there is so much customer buying on any pullbacks and selling on rallies that the market , with such a flat curve , is going nowhere . That will change , but it's going to take a while . I like it eventually .
that's not nice
Are you free for drinks either Monday or Wednesday ?
Monday it is
i'll call
Kim: 2 tix for Rent this Sat night will be waiting for you at will call at the theatre . Bring ID . If you have any problems call the ticket agency at 212 302 1643 or me at 713 Have fun , John
Michael: Thanks for putting the paperwork together . I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I don't have access to now . Most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund , telling me to invest in Home Depot , Sun , and Coke , or trying to pass off their banks' biased research reports as something valuable . The above services provide no value to me personally . If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P , I'd listen . John
Appreciate the opportunity to listen in . I was unable to view the slide show though . Can you either email or mail it to me . Thanks , John
yes i did
Just a reminder about drinks Monday night. .
not really.. . already have plans on thursday .  are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?
He just rescheduled to Wednesday . How about dinner on Wednesday after that ? 
Who cares????? ?
How about drinks at 5:30 on Thursday . I try not to interrupt work with personal business .
i'm free all week right now . prefer early in the week
true
Would prefer a stand alone button as sometimes the problem is I can't operate stack manager . I need the ability to force everybody out of the website so people don't try to click numbers that are old . On a similar topic , what's the status of the out of credit message ? Still a very frustrating problem for both counterparties and me . Do I need to follow up with Bradford about lowering sigma ? Grab me Thursday afternoon to talk .
Good to hear from you . After a great F , had an okay G . Held a lot of term length on the risk/reward play . Figured if we got no weather , all the customer and generator buying would be my stop . It was . Amazing that for the drop in price in H , the strips have really gone nowhere . just a big chop fest . i here your arguments , but think they are way exagerated . Agree with 1.5-2 bcf/d more supply . Call it 2 with LNG . Imports from Canada should be negligible . Now let's assume price for the summer is $4 . No switching , full liquids extraction , methanol and fertilizer running . Electric generation demand , considering problems in west and very low hydro , around 1.5 bcf/d greater this year with normal weather . Means you have to price 2 bcf/d out of market . Don't think $4 does that . What level did we start really losing demand last year ? It was higher than 4 . concerned about recession in industrial sector thats occuring right now . Think gas is fairly valued here . Dont think we're going to 7 . But I think fear of market considering what happened this past year will keep forward curve very well supported through spring . we're already into storage economics so the front goes where the forward curve wants to go .
Forgot , I'm leaving town tomorrow afternoon . Will be back Thursday morn . We'll do it some other time .
but that's my point . the demand destruction roared its ugly head beginning of Jan . The price level was $9 . Of course there is a lag . Let's make up a lag time...say one month . On Dec 1 cash was trading $6.70 . Probably a similar lag on the way down . Cash is $5.20 today . How much lost demand will there be in a month if we're still $5.2 ? million dollar question if you can answer that .
Ina: Can you get this paid on a rush basis ?
industrial demand the scary thing . no question there are some steel mills and auto factories and plastics plants that were on last november that arent coming up now and its not due to gas prices . the economy sucks and it will affect ind demand .
freak show . started at -7 . went to -15 then -7 then finishing out -15
freak show . cash started -7 then to -15 then -7 ended -15 .
maybe cal 2 .
i would not describe him as the hardest working man in the energy business .
i think this is the biggest chopfest in nat gas history . scale up seller , scale down buyer . reviewing my aga model and assumptions later today . i'll see if i have any new inspirations .
are you free at 3:00 today to go over the aga model ?
I think you need to check your AGA model . 7.2 bcf/d seems awfully high . That's saying that had gas been at $2.5 , the AGA for the week would have been 151 . Look at the AGA history for last week , this week and next week . Do you really think the # would have been 151 with no demand destruction ? It wasn't even really cold . That would have been the highest AGA # of the three weeks by 15 bcf . Our guys are thinking 4.5 bcf/d . Pira is saying that Feb as a whole averages 3.5-4 bcf/d . That's just destruction and does not include new production , if any . Further Pira estimates that March destruction will be about half of Feb . Assuming that gets to equilibrium: 2 bcf/d demand destruction , 2 bcf/d more production , 2 bcf/d more gas generation demand . Start with a 400 b deficit and 200 injection days gets you to flat against last years storage in current price environment . I think we are fairly priced fundamentally , but with huge customer imbalance for hedging from buy side , surprises in the market right now are to the upside in my view . Course hard to imagine $6 for J . Just sell vol .
Are you around next Tuesday ?
so according to your analysis , had we been at $2.5 gas and we were not bordering on a recession , we would have had the highest AGA number of recorded history for this week , last week , or next week by 15 bcf ? seems a little far fetched to me . Our analysis is saying: gas at 2.50 we would have had 4.5 bcf a day more demand . that includes commercial residential industrial switching processing.. . as far as 2 bcf/d power gen demand- that counts the fact that last year was extremely mild versus expectation of normal summer this year , west will be running every gas unit virtually all hours as power demand is growing maybe 5% still and hydro way down . every molecule that can will flow west from waha this summer versus little last year . east power prices really havent reached point of priceing out demand and heat rates healthy enough to where gas can go up without raising power prices to cut demand . some concern of more efficient replacing less but hard to quantify . we're trying to build the stack now to estimate . frac margins now positive for all but most inefficient processors . will continue coming back . a little concerned about 2 oil prices . bordering right there now for places like florida and actually saw fl demand rise 100,000 last week as gas got to parity . let me look into inj capability . definitely bigger when field is empty from engineering standpoint so any problems really wont arise until fall when gen demand low and inj capacity lower...my initial thoughts . bo seems as neutral as everyone else in the market right now . really inactive . to clarify , not raging bull . i like everybody want to see what the inj numbers in april look like . nobody putting a position on until that starts to clarify . just think that hedging demand is making market a little short right now making next move up more likely . would be scale up seller though not really sure why cash trades at 10-15 back . doesnt make any sense . however as more fields start turning around throughout month , the stg arb to great in my opinion to keep spread there . must close one way or the other . notice that spread tightened to 6-8 towards end of trading friday ? in general think that gas is reaching the elasticity stage right here . 50 cents lower and no switching , no processing , and gain back some demand . market needs to see some big stg numbers first . i think the best play right now is to start buying longer term put spreads . Jan 4/3.5 look great to me . if we get back to 2.8 and don't match last year's early weather , bombs away .
So my point shown a little bit right now. . Weather a little cooler for this week . Overall normal for 6-10 . JV up 12 cents . Think just as customers got totally fucked last year selling into the rally , they are going to buy all the way down . Differnence is last year trade very happy to take in all the length . This year trade not ready to get really short . Not until healthy inj in April anyways . I think money from here will be made being short , just question of what and when . Think there'll be enough hedging demand to keep curve very strong unless phys market just totally rejects price level . With amount of inj capacity available , hard to believe phys market is going to dictate prices for next couple months . I think it will be spec and hedgers dictating . Spec staying on sidelines right now and hedgers buying . Leads to more upside potential in short term . My point in V/X was that jv would be strong and cal2 hedging was from sell side leading to pressure on those spreads . The california term power sales have totally changed that . Before , the only thing customers were selling was cal 2 . Now , customer interest much more from buyside in cal 2,3 solely from california . Now turning neutral v/x and x/z . You have very valid points . i like q/v more though . I think you could have 10 cents of upside in that with little downside . Thoughts ?
dinner or drinks tonight ?
probably because jeff's out, , but let's go ahead and have it
yes...please change griffith to trading . thanks , john
Not impressive
I ordered 3 different things...I thought your "wine inventory listings are updated DAILY" ? ? ?
Hard to believe ,  huh
no real bias today positive numbers sell negative numbers buy.. . looking into other stuff
theres only one thing i can think of.. . storage field turning around gives cash market completely different feel . instead of utilities looking to sell gas everday , they look to buy it . huge difference in feel of mrket . not so much actual gas but completely different economics of how marginal mmbtu gets priced . tightening cash market causes cash players to buy futures.. . hence the tendency for a spring rally every year . read heffner today...even he talks about it
What it's trading what I think it's really worth Obviously most bearish the further out you go . However , the game right now is not sell and hold...although it will be soon . The game is where will it be tomorrow and next week and next month . The market is structurally short term gas thanks to our friends from california . where ca is buying power , williams and calpine and dynegy dont care of the gas costs 450 or 475 or 500 or 525 . irrelevant . so term is not going down in the short term unless the front comes into the 400's and scares some producers to start hedging or we or el paso can find fixed price lng to the tune of 250,000 a day for 10 years .
i loved them in that i thought they were going to go up...i think they still might 3 weeks ago now short term very bullish neutral medium term neutral neutral longer term neutral bearish
i dont know sounds good to me
any reaction to this ?
i think jv strip prices to where we price out enough demand to get to 2.8 . whther that price level is 425 or 725 is arguable . i think it's close to here . but when we get to november and we have 2.8 and don;'t repeat the weather of this past winter and we have 2.5 bcf more supply and people realize that we have 2.3 bcf to withdraw before there are any problems...bombs away .
confused.. . what are you disagreeing with me in regards to demand destruction ?
it was almost worth buying a ticket
just a vicious rumor.. . my birthday's not till next year .
how about benjys ?
what are you doing tonight
what are you doing tonight ?
very funny today...during the free fall , couldn't price jv and xh low enough on eol , just kept getting cracked . when we stabilized , customers came in to buy and couldnt price it high enough . winter versus apr went from +23 cents when we were at the bottom to +27 when april rallied at the end even though it should have tightened theoretically . however , april is being supported just off the strip . getting word a lot of utilities are going in front of the puc trying to get approval for hedging programs this year .
Sorry , have no idea .
houston would be easy ireland kinda tough
heffner a little bullish , eh ? agree with contango story .  cash to futures pretty bullish but a picture where agressive inj now are bearish later . so curve should flatten . also back of curve ( cal2,3 ) under a lot of pressure now . customers will be buying all the way down and will get fucked just like last year . contango has been under considerable pressure even with the front falling...any rally should result in those snapping in to 4 . good scalp in my opinion . definitely seeing your side on the $5 level . surprised we havent gotten more demand back as we sit at these lower levels . off to cabo today for a long weekend . kind of exhausted at work right now so a much needed break .
so argument more switching than outright lost demand ? where are petro prices on a comparable equivalence ?
i have a very pretty back of the head cash went out around 2-4 back yesterday . today it is 3 back right now bo trying to sell j/k at 4.5 on the open
cash goes out trading +1 to +3 j/k a piece
remove me from your email list
On Friday , will there be a private reception or area for us or will our customers get lost in the crowd ? Probably thinking 30 invites for Friday . Is that ok ?
dinner this week ? i'm free mon-wed
just got it today . thanks you'll be happy to know i get my car back today
wanna bring me back to work ?
heffner how ? was pretty long coming into today just playing the range . sold everything on the way up . will be s scale up seller probably through options . certainly a short squeeze in trade today and i don;t think anything changes tomorrow except maybe trade gets more confident in the short at the higher level andif cash rejects higher prices . will be buying lots of puts on the way up so i guess for me vol is not toohigh . i was short vol and covered it all this morn . think we could be infor some turbulence here
Andy: Good to hear . There continue to be a proliferation of new systems coming online in the US; two more start in the next two months . We are pretty close to finalizing a plan to open our system to everyone in terms of accepting limit orders and posting best bid/offer regardless of whose it is . In this framework , Enron would sleeve credit for free should two third parties be matched on our system . However , we would hold the book , getting to see what everyone was doing at all times . The idea is that if we can move the industry's order flow from 30-40% EOL to 60% EOL , we get a huge information advantage in addition to a couple trading advantages , namely we have first priority on all numbers even if we are joining a limit bid posted by a counterparty before us and second , we posess a proprietary stack manager that will allow us to transact on attractive limit orders faster than our competitors . Still working on technical issues . The decision to open EOL markets would be done on a product by product basis . Give me a call if you want to discuss .
Looks good . certainly an area we need more focus on . Obviously the most important aspect of lng is how much gas is coming in , what is that relative to last year , and what new capacity is coming longer term . As an aside , nat gas trades as a funciton of the storage spread to last year and five year averages . It would be very useful if all fundamental analysis were geared the same way . The fact that lng shipments are x this week is meaningless . the fact that they are y delta of last year is extremely useful . if you noticed in the fundies meeting , i was trying to move discussion that way . what's switching vis a vis last year . whats production relative to last year . it simplifies the fundamental analysis .
Debbie: If you have availability for either session , please sign me up . I was unsure I would be able to attend until now , hence the late notice . Thanks , John Enron North America Corp .
seeing no increase in physical demand from industrials . however , they cantbuy enough paper . energy customer deal flow has a conspicuous habit of buying high and selling low . seeing virtually no producer selling . stripwill continue to be well supported through early spring . last year customers sold all the way up , transferring their price risk to marketers and specs . market for most part was very orderly move up during the summer . volatilitwas in the pukes because everybody was long . now , customers are all buyingmove down should be orderly as is met with a lot of short covering from trade and volatility should come from short covering moves like today's . market waiting to see those first two injection numbers . if we are beatinglast year by 20 bcf , lights out . move down may also scare producers to dosome term selling , putting pressure on whole curve .
Do you have interest in having a semi formal party at the guggenheim for our ny counterparties ? was thinking it might be a good pr move .
how bout today at 400
sure
yes but getting haircut until 700 . is it too dark then ?
Hey: Recounted...Can I get 50-60 invites and would need formal invites for Friday????? ?
confirm
please add
maybe a drink after work.. .
We ahave not initiated a 24/7 gas product yet but are creating the capabilities to launch at some point in the near future
just when i'm turning really bearish you're starting to turn bullish on me . weather to me relatively unimportant . yes , it will leave us with 30 bcf or so less in storage than if we had mild weather . i think it is masking a major demand problem . think what the aga numbers would be with moderate weather . when we get into injections , i think we'll see a big push down . spec and trade seem bearish but hesitant to get short . customer buying still strong . thus even with the demand picture becoming clearer , we haven't moved down . however i think when the picture becomes clearer ( i.e.-when we start beating last year's injections by 20 bcf a week) , trade will get short . customers very unsophistocated . the story they keep telling us is we're coming out 400 bcf less than last year , thus the summer has to be strong . when we start inj , customers will start seeing other side of story . pira finally came out this week and said stop buying . to me , the mrkt just a timing issue . i want to be short before the rest of the idiots get short . i continue buying m,f puts . projecting k to settle 450 and m 400 .
yea , i think the two dumps in the market are when everybody realizes the loss of demand , which is in the first 4 inj numbers . customer buying and fear about the summer will keep may at a decent level . if my theory holds , eventually that wont be enough to hold the market up and m pukes . second puke is in the winter when 4th quarter production is 4-5% on y/y basis , demand still weak ( economic weakness isn't a 3 month problem) , industry realizes that not only is it ok to get to 500-700 bcf in march but you should , and early winter weather will not match 2000 . we develop large y/y surplus in x and z . z futures hold up because some risk premium still exists for rest of winter . by late december , just trying to find a home for gas . think decent chance f futures finish with a 2 handle .
Mike: which one of the hedge funds closes today ?
yes i dont know . both have their merits
where are you getting those numbers ?
will call you tonight
thanks , i'll check it out
Kim: Can I get 4 tix for the following games: Apr 21 or 22 vs . St Louis Jun 15 vs Texas Jun 17 vs Texas Thanks , John
As long as I own Enron stock , the desks are my colleagues . Feel free to share the info with Hunter and Chris .
Wow , what a week so far . Beauty of a short squeeze early on . Even some of the biggest bears I know were covering to reestablish when the market lost its upward momentum . Unfortunately , my boat is too big to play that way . Takes too long to put the size of the position I manage on or off to play that game . just had to sit back and take my lumps . couldnt have been a more bearish aga # in my opinion . got one more decent one and then watch out below . amazing that we've had more demand destruction recently . the economy is the 800 pound gorilla that is sitting on nat gas and it aint getting up .
I understand you are out of one of the wines . Please fill remaining order . thanks , john
thanks
Ina: Can you set up a 5 minute mtg with me and all of the assistants and runners in regards to what we discussed this week
In regards to gas: what signals do you for in determining your view ? what resources do you use to formulate a price view ? give example of complex transaction you've structured for a customer . where is storage now relative to history ? what is the highest and lowest level we've been at in past 5 years ? what are your short , medium , and long term views of gas market ? what major basis changes have occured in the market over the past 5 years ? What do you expect in the next 5 ? how should a storage operator decide whether or not to inject on any given day ? In regards to derivatives in order of difficulty What are delta/gamma/theta ? if you buy a put spread , is your delta positive , negative , or zero ? Is swap price equal to simple average of futures contracts ? If interest rates go up what happens to option prices all else equal ? what is the value of a european $1 call expiring in 12 months if corresponding futures are trading $5 ? what happens to delta of an option if volatility increase ?
fyi : bo is a big put buyer and fence seller today . though he is trying to defend j .
you're right though...it seems like bo and i are always on the opposite side of each other .
i may have some u2 tix for tonight , wanna go ?
no not necessarily.. . just sick of her at the moment ,
i've realized i'm too old to stay up til 1 on a school night
are you in for the game ?
Congrats , thought you were headed to aig . how long til you get to short natty again ?
i talked to fred today . i think he's in so lets assume it's a go . when is the last day to cancel and get our money back ? unfortunately , mathematical analysis of skew is extremely hard to do . the question is why does skew exist and does the market do a proper job of correcting for violations of the black scholes model . in my mind , there are three big reasons for skew . one is that the assumption of stochastic volatility as a function of price level gets violated . commodities tend to have long range trading ranges that exist due to the economics of supply and elasticity of the demand curve . nat gas tends to be relatively stable when we are in that historical pricing environment . however , moving to a different pricing regime tends to bring volatility . an options trader wants to be long vol outside the trading range , believing that a breakout of the range leads to volatility while trying to find new equilibrium . supports a vol smile theory . in addition , in some commodities realized vol is a function of price level . nat gas historically is more volatile at $5 than at $4 and more volatile at $4 than $3 . thus there has been a tendency for all calls to have positive skew and all puts except weenies to have negative skew . the market certainly trades this way as vol has a tendency to come off in a declining market and increase in a rising market . to test , regress 15 day realized vol versus price level and see if there is any correlation . second reason is heptocurtosis , fatter tails than lognormal distribution predicts . supports vol smile theory . easy to test how your market compares by plotting historical one day lognormal returns versus expected distribution . third , is just supply and demand . in a market where spec players are bearish , put skew tends to get bid as vol players require more insurance premium to add incremetal risk to the book . if you have a neutral view towards market , or believe that market will come off but in an orderly fashion , enron can take advantage of our risk limits by selling more expensive insurance . crude market tends to have strong put skew and weak call skew as customer business in options is nearly all one way: producer fences . if you believe vol is stochastic in the region of prices where the fence strikes are , can be profitable to take other side of trade . if you want to discuss further give me a call 4-6 pm houston time . hope this helps , john
maybe . hydro situation dire in west . think water levels are at recent historical lows . problem is from gas standpoint , west is an island right now . every molecle that can go there is . so will provide limited support to prices in east . hydro in east is actually very healthy . would assume your markets are targeting eastern u.s . so i dont know if hydro problem in west is that relevant .
please add
good to hear . met john galperin today . give me a call soon to dicuss how to most effectively use the line .
planning on going . which night are you inviting guys for ? also , heard there were some issues about contract negotiations . don't know specifics but if you want to discuss give me a call . might be able to mediate this a little bit if you want .
Mike: Two questions regarding fees: 1 . What will you charge for placement fee on a 750,000-1,000,000 type investment into the hedge funds ? 2 . I understand your cost structure is a little higher than Fidelity . However , I was charged over $1,000 on my option trade for a transaction that Fidelity charges $147.50 . Is there any justification ? Please understand that my basis for developing an account with Paine Webber is dependent upon an agressive fee structure . I don't want to see my above-market returns compromised by high fees . Thanks , John
i read this as though 1.5 bcf/d of more switching takes place in the summer versus today . is that because of the forward curves are backwardated for 2 and contango for natty ?
do you still have the magazine and if so can you send it to me ?
arrive some time friday night . leave some time sunday .
are the diamonds still available for tonight's game ?
assuming we're driving the car to dallas tomorrow after work.. .
assume we're driving the 328 up to mom this friday after work
got tix for tonight
good to me . get prices for the different types of rooms
agree
what's your view of crude from here over next 1-4 weeks ?
Took the wrong checkbook to work Friday . Will call your courier on Monday hopefully . John
hey: just wondering if you're still up for sailing lessons and if you've found out anything?? ?
fuck you
yes
australia definitely sounds cool . might be a little tough though . i'd be in for keemah if you want to do that
i went to get the tix this morn and couldnt get them . i'll probably go to dinner . sorry
looks good to me . have you sent for materials yet ?
may = 495 the rest is the same
2.75 . . . but yea
what kind of odds . the market is saying it's 8:1 chance . I'm saying there is a much better chance than that . i think it's 2:1
the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks . so yea , my curve is a touch higher , but it doesnt change my longer term view . most of the move this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat market . a little concerned about heat , but also saw products very strong going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure . not convinced this rally in products is different .
Dave: I need a favor . I'm trying to create an internal only Cal 2002 product for our power guys . Product controls is saying it will take a week from monday to get it created . any way to speed it up ?
Average volume is 35,000-40,000 on nymex of which about half is spreads . So around 20,000 outrights trade . We trade more than that on EOL . Today's conditions 1000 lot market would be 3-4 cents wide . have executed trades as large as 10,000 across a longer term and 1000 lot clips in the front frequently .
the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1 . I'll take 4:1 . that's all the juice i'll pay .
i dont remember if we fixed these yet .
fuck you fuck you
fuck you
eat my shorts
schedule 30 min to sit down with me either mon or tues after 430 . if you want to get info , sending out an email survey is not the right way . much easier to respond to a question in voice rather than typing it out .
fuck you fuck you
fuck you
eat my shorts
i'll take 10:1 this morning
fuck you
the 14 mm loss was due to a booking mistake that could not be corrected before the books were posted and is being corrected tonight
i'll take 10:1 this morning
fuck you
mike: just want to confirm you received my money and forms . also , checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE . may be looking to do something this week . probably 100-200 contracts . john
That's what I'm talking ABOUT ! !! !
That's what I'm talking ABOUT ! !! !
i really need the docs on both phantom stock and options . please please please john
Please send it to me . john
Mike: Please resend the forms needed although I may have sent the necessary docs with the courier that delivered the check . Do not believe we've seen the worst yet . Will not be looking to put more money to work on the long only side for a while . Even with the rally today I do not believe we've seen the worst yet .
Please send it to me . john
you think i'm going to put this in ellectronic form ? no way .
you think i'm going to put this in ellectronic form ? no way .
do you mind if i go out with the boys from work tonight ?
Hello , I noticed you carried several of the 98 Zoom Zins . Any chance you have the 33 year old vines version ? Please advise , John
do you mind if i go out with the boys from work tonight ?
fuck you
fuck you
yes
yes
awfully close..... .
thanks a lot
can you send jean a list of her seat numbers
my numbers from mar 15 . would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15
awfully close..... .
thanks a lot
can you send jean a list of her seat numbers
1 . don't know . some industrial shutdown is not gas price dependent . some will not come back at the same prices it went off . residential conservation i think is underestimated and has a severe lag effect that will not come back as prices fall . as far as switching i dont think #2 is the floor some people think it is . maybe #6 is the floor . 2 . you know my outlook for xh , with slightly above normal weather jan goes out at 2.75 and that is not constrained by a #6 floor . next jv , too far away to really run the numbers but think natty reestablishes itself as a $2.50-3.50 commodity . 3 . the obvious 4 . yes . believe if we end at 2.6 in the ground , the current nymex forward curve may be fairly priced . my belief is that at the current prices we will end up with much more than 2.6 and that $5 is not value if we have 2.8 in the ground and gaining y on y . circular argument that leads to my belief that prices must fall . 5 . not necessarily . will loss of demand with normal weather cancel the fact that there will be much less demand destruction . probably .
are we first ? if not , when does the road show start and/or when does the basic theme get distributed around the industry ?
sure , how about thursday at 3:30 ? would like to get update on ENE's lng projects as well .
may be looking to sell some naked calls soon . can you check that i would be approved to sell 200 of either 65 or 70's expiring somewhere between jul-jan . also , if i sell naked calls with a tenor of more than one year that expire worthless , do the gains get counted as LT cap gains ?
sure
any interest in accompanying me to maggi's bd party sat nite ?
sure
any interest in accompanying me to maggi's bd party sat nite ?
check this out:
check this out:
can you get me the number of our contact at the Delano . I have a personal favor to ask them . john
would like to meet to review to make sure i understand . may only take a couple minutes . are you free at 330 on tuesday ?
Jean: I think the location i talked about before is actually better for you . The area towards the edge of the building borders the northeast gas group , long-term originators , and mid-market orig group . not exactly who you need to be around . the location in the center is much closer to the east gulf group , specifically sandra , and the same distance to the central and texas trading groups . most importantly , it provides room for both your group and the trading group to expand . call me if you want to talk further... . thanks for the article . john
can you take care of this.. .
my email as far as i know is jarnold@enron.com . not on msn though . i made space for your 8 people as well as ferries , roberts , and the other person ( ?? ) you requested . Come down tomorrow and i'll show you the layout again . john
remind jim how the h/j/k spread acted this year . granted it won't behave that way again until close to expiry , but i like the j/k outright much moreso than the condor .
can you take care of this.. .
Stranger: Any interest in getting a drink or dinner Tuesday ? havent seen you in forever .
no
almost forgot about you... . will take care of .  we'll keep you guys together close to the traders .
no
Jeff: To explain the P&L of -349,000 : We executed the trade when you gave the order ( the delta anyway) , first thing in the morning . The market rallied 8 cents from the morning , with the back rallying about 2.5 cents . On 904 PV contracts , curve shift was -226,000 . The balance , $123,000 , is almost exactly $.01 bid/mid , which I think is pretty fair considering the tenor of the deal and that it included price and vol . Cal 3 straddles , for instance , are $1.39 / $1.45 . Looking out for you bubbeh: John
do you know what my user id and password are ?
yes i will
this is my idea of vacation.. .
will see you there ( most probably )
only if you promise to post regular updates on the trucking market . call chris gaskill to get the password .
absolutely...though i'm not sure how you do it . call chris gaskill and he should be abl to help .
do you know what my user id and password are ? i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut . i'm going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day off . catching up on 2 weeks of email . i know how to relax don't i
yes i will
this is my idea of vacation.. .
Hey Adam: sorry for the delay . just been very busy . congrats on joining enron . think you made the right chioce . i would recommend structuring . it's a good way to understand how enron works , how we look at and manage risk , and you get close to the trading component . a friend of mine , ed mcmichael runs the gas structuring group . try emiling him probably at emcmich@enron.com . keep in touch , john
will see you there ( most probably )
your guys are probably seeing this as well , but , 50 cents higher our customer biz was 95/5 from buy side . now it's 50/50 . can almost smell blood among the producers . only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant see straight . were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right now i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up . just can't see that happening at this level though .
none
that night i had so much brain damage i couldnt function . as opposed to ? ?? ?
Jennifer: I don't think we have much interest in doing this interview since it primarily pertains to our views of the market . I would speak in such generalities that it probably wouldn't be a good interview . John
none
i guess i have to keep my 395 price target . just nothing bullish in the near term except crude . and that's not enough now . need to get to a new price regime to pick up more demand quickly .
wanna get sauced after work ?
is that with or without two snoozes ?
how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless pay for it .
maybe we need a closer in that seat
drinks on tickleknees if you do
you i guess .
i'm just kidding . i'm getting a haircut from 530-600 . i'll call you when i get out .
is there a password or just knowing the address
wanna get sauced after work ?
is that with or without two snoozes ?
maybe we need a closer in that seat
drinks on tickleknees if you do
you i guess .
is there a password or just knowing the address
it's an aquired taste
maybe they're for more sophisticated palates Hot like wasabi when I bust rhymes Big like Leann Rimes Because I'm all about value
i think the velocity of the down move will be much less severe from here . still dont think this is equilibrium . need to see aga coming in lower than expectations for a couple weeks signaling that we've moved down the demand curve . think a lot of spec shorts are looking to take profits as we get close to the psychological 400 target . market needs producer selling to get us through there . have seen some as williams is starting to hedge barrett : hence the weakness in the back of the curve recently . still going lower but it will be a tougher move from here .
i couldnt do it . it took 13 minutes for my alarm to wake me up .
it's an aquired taste
maybe they're for more sophisticated palates
Russell: Just fyi , they're willing to take us for 20 years .
shipping and billing address : John Arnold 909 Texas Ave #1812
Russell: Just fyi , they're willing to take us for 20 years .
shipping and billing address : John Arnold 909 Texas Ave #1812
i'll pay a grand total of 0
yes
you in town this weekend ?
you dont like my ideas
i'll pay a grand total of 0
yes
you in town this weekend ?
you dont like my ideas
For extra credit... . If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more , does your answer change ?
Appreciate the offer but I won't be able to get out of work ,
David: Do you have a simulation set up that will allow me to simulate trades by pushing a buy or sell button and will move the two way so i can try simulating actual market cicumstances ?
i need significant lead time to prepare for boots day . please advise earlier next time .
no crap , what's your bid ?
rules to a game: You flip a coin . If you get tails you win 0 . if you get heads , i give you $1 . Keep flipping until you get a tails , at which point you walk away with the money . however , each heads you get after the first you double your money . So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails , you get $4 . What's you bid/offer on playing this game ? ( would you pay $.5 to play ? $1 ? $2 ? what you charge me play against you? )
and your offer ?
me thinks you missed a 9 have you taken any finance courses yet ? what's good ? fill in
are you prepared to defend your answer ?
yes
no
i think its a jv with the trading side mostly staffed by goldman folks
i think it's 100 = infinity
probability * payout |
don't make me type the math on the computer pooks
huh ?
yea
Appreciate the offer but I won't be able to get out of work ,
Kim: I will not be at the may 18 management mtg as I will be in NY on business .
no crap , what's your bid ?
and your offer ?
me thinks you missed a 9 have you taken any finance courses yet ? what's good ? fill in
are you prepared to defend your answer ?
yes
no
i think its a jv with the trading side mostly staffed by goldman folks
i think it's 100 = infinity
probability * payout |
don't make me type the math on the computer pooks
most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short . next sellers need to be from producer community . saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community . short covering rallies will get more common here . velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good ( except maybe in bid week) . my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts , who's selling it to them ? might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5 .
huh ?
yea
mark: what are your thoughts on crude and gasoline ?
mark: what are your thoughts on crude and gasoline ?
maine impossible to get to...next option ?
maine impossible to get to .  . next idea ?
maine impossible to get to...next option ?
maine impossible to get to .  . next idea ?
puh lease
I am available tomorrow after 3 , preferably between 3-4 .
that's fine
felt much better after i puked 4 times this morning . you doing anything tonight ?
too bad about pavel . everybody liked him. . . who's next in line ?
i felt fine . i ate a breakfast bar before i went . normally dont do that . wont be doing that again . wanna do something tonight ? what time do you get out of here ?
yea , we'll get them for you
when are you getting out ?
we've got reservations in the chathambarsinn.com
cancel
poolie: what's the value of the company to you??? ?
that's what it gets for being a cat
For what it's worth , I liked your answer to the California attorney general comment in the journal . what a freak that guy is .
i snoozed from 5:00 to 6:20....it was great
how about 5:00 ?
are you on msn messenger . i think i'm set up with it .
i think i've got yahoo somewhere on my computer . i'll try to find it . expecting 110 today . still think we're not at fundamental equilibrium but scared that , as much as i hate technicals , the wave 3 is over and we can do some serious chop here . if we didnt have expiry in 4 days i'd be worried about a short covering rally . however , i think the market is going to have a hard time placing the baseload gas this month . the storage guys are all above their targets right now and expect them to back off relative to last month .
seeing very little buying from end users . some longer term selling from producers . have had one guy who sold about 300 month cal 2,3,4 . just gets soaked up in the market though . some buying is from more generation guys . duke bot 10,000+ lots of cal 7-13 last week . also think some guys buying cal 3 so they can sell more in the front . el paso sold delta equivalent of probably 12-15 a day yesterday . got soaked right up . mar/apr way overvalued but so hard to bring in . just a function of cal 2 . cal 2 been weak as seen a lot of m/m q/q v/v spreads recently , guys trying to buy the front . hard to believe m/m is flat . just goes to show how overpriced cal 2 is in my mind.. .
sure
Can you get her tickets to one of the games
me thinks you both are a little imbalanced
of course . info here goes nowhere . we've had trouble discerning where the switching takes place because the economics get very blurry: credits , ldc costs , transport , taxes , restrictions on # hours plants can burn resis are hard to account for and are different for everybody . also some noneconomic factors.. . convenience , inertia , multi-month fuel purchases , hedges , accounting procedures , resid in storage already.. . It's a big blur in my mind . I look at general levels and for anecdotal evidence . have seen zero anecdotal evidence so far . will also watch aga's for the indication , but so will everybody else .
putting on your shirt to go to the bathroom in the dark?????????? ?
what's tomorrow ?
I'll get it changed
yes . i'm leaving at 1:00 today/
from saturday-monday....did 194 trades , exactly half internal . how'd george do ?
biggest question in my mind is we assume resid is a fixed target or if resid needs to keep market share and as natty drops so does resid to maintain its market .
relaxed ? how was it ?
maybe , i don't even remember anymore.. . the numbers are running together . best of all , reduced my risk 50% today .
i think i had better weather in massachusetts than you had in mexico . very relaxing though . if i lived in the northeast and had 2.1 kids and 1.3 dogs i would definitely get a summer house around there
I called and you were off the desk.. . Jan 2005-Dec 2009 settled a little high at 4.136 . Referencing a bid of 4.12 on the strip , we are 46.5/48 on the $5 call
$10,000.... . they're not shy
Misti: I assume you are responsible for publishing the management reports . I cannot access these reports past May 11 . Have they been published since then and if so , any idea why I can't get them ?
crazy day....this day took a week off my life . plans tonight ?
yea...for now at least . We'll run it until a hurricane emerges overnight and I get run over for 30 cents
Liz: Are any of the diamonds available for Jun 15-17 ?
no idea
thanks , i'll be there today
Hey babe: Any chance there are copies of the Nightline and/or Frontline shows lying around? ?
definitely did . you have to be a pretty boring person to not have fun in south beach
Looks fine to me . --John
Agree . Still not at supply/demand equilibrium . Unfortunately , market lacks a catalyst for sharp move down from here until bid week . i think continue to see slow erosion . think we are slowly running out of places to put gas . discretionary storage guys have their belly full . can see cash/futures just keep widening from here . q/v spread , even though it widens every day , still has a long way to go . think you get to V and there is nowhere to put the gas . could see v/x going to 30+ . i buy every cantango spread i can . when market moves up the winter goes 1 for 1 , when the market goes down you make money . strongest product in the gas market are nymex futures . everything else is a bloodbath . socal basis has gone from $10 to $4 in the past month . canadian storage balances are ridiculous . imports are going to blow away last year . new lng coming in late novy . rig count is like open interest , a straight line up . gas is behaving very price inelastic , just like it did on the move from $3 to $5 last year . see little hope . h/j is the craziest spread on the board . it is not a fundamentally priced spread though . for several reasons , the industry uses that spread primarily to link the front of the board to the back . think the front will keep drifting lower and the back will find some customer buy support as we get cal 2 down to 3.75 ish . thus , h/j has to come in...i think . plus i have the fundamentals on my side .
come on up this afternoon around 3 .
send
tomorrow's fine
did you call ?
are you going to tell me or do i have to guess
second , third , and fourth that
Please delete previous message . It was meant for David Oxley
Liz: Wondering if you've had any luck in securing tix for this Saturday's game . Also , are the diamonds available for Jun 23 ? Thanks , John
not after today
late night yesterday ?
I told you we should have sold cal 5-14 yesterday
yea , i interviewed him . i gave him a thumbs up . why do you ask ?
my plan worked
Kim: At the start of the year , I requested tix for this Friday's and Sunday's games . Just checking to see if they have my name on them .
no , but i didnt even know you guys were going .
any thoughts about next weekend ? i still want to go somewhere . this is killing me . how about south america or is it too far ?
take me off your list
heard of it but not sure exactly what it is .
here she is.. .
The deal got booked to Oil-NG-Hedge-Spec . It should have been booked to IN-Upstream-St*** . That resulted in an error in my position as well .
where did you get this info from ? have not seen the generators who hedged before selling out . mostly just seen calpine selling .
pooks if you get this call me
the way i read it was the 30 something contract signed are good but ones under negotiation from there are either being renegotiated or talks terminated .
i cant commit . ..i'm 50/50 so say no . will send bat on next continental flight .
it was fine this morn . starting back up today
funner than provincetown?? ?
lots of producer selling cal 2 and front strong so h/j still blowing out
no , they were just good sellers in the cals . irregardless of the rally in the front this morn , cal 4 didnt move
i thought i was joining you
Because I am so kind: Greg Trentham Glen Rock , NJ 07452 Jack Cogen 60 East End Ave #25A NY , NY 10028 Brian Tracey Wilton , CT 06897 Brian Manolis 81 Forest Ave
thanks
Pooks , here's your chance to really turn some heads
sun -9% in 6 days . kid how??????? ?
interested in a night of pizza , wine , US soccer , and belize planning tonight ?
screw the english jersey . just wear red
cost about 200,000-300,000 our internal estimates were in the 102-106 range , so no . i think pira overestimating the gas gen burn for the week . problem is there is no real good burn for at least two weeks going forward . we've dropped $1.5 in a couple months and havent picked up an mmbtu of demand . that's a big problem
at some point it has to or we're going to shut-in economics . that may be the answer .
economy starts looking better when energy costs fall 30-50%
Prompt month vol is moving from 60% to 40% cob today...should increase capacity for front month by 50% for anybody who wants them .
wanna get toasted tonight ?
i guarantee it . you're not still pulling that leg thing , are you . we don't work out again until wednesday .
i'm going to run to needless markup real fast . that have a big sale starting today . if you don''t want to go , i'll pick you up after.. .
3 minutes
let me think about it for a day
can you give access to the fundies site to margaret allen 3-9056 thanks , john
what??? ? where is that ?
i have no interest .
quickly running out of places to put gas . at least appetite to put gas in storage at same rate . need some supply/demand dynamics to change else price $3 is no resistance
how is subscription rate going for EOL versus our expectations ?
sure , send it over . as the investing contrarian i am , if everybody else is getting out of late-stage vc , i'll take a look .
i don't have a problem with that . The 3 factors I ask in releasing info are: 1 . Do customers even know the info is available or useful ? 2 . Is the info publicly available ? 3 . Is the info easily obtainable ? In this case , the answer is yes to all three , so I don't care . If the answer is no to one or more of the above , a judgment call has to be made .
Hey: Haven't spoken to you in a while . Let's get a drink sometime soon . I'm taking a week and a half off starting July 4 but after that , maybe we can go a Astros game . Congrats on Connor . Hope everything is well . 909 Texas Ave #1812
Dave: Would like to sit down sometime and look at most current work on auto trader . Any time today ? I'm not trading today so I'm free anytime .
talk to john griffith right now . in the future ( month or so ) it'll be andy zipper .
what's you're new phone # ? 
Kim: Are John's tix available for the following games: July 16 or 17 Cleveland Sep 11,12 or 13 San Francisco Thanks , John
Kim: Can I get Mark's on the Jul 17 and John's on Sep 13 and 23 ? Thanks , John
just calling to see if you have anything ingenious to say about this market . i've covered most of the shorts starting 3.40 all the way down . agree market probably not at equilibrium just dont really want to press it right now . the easy money's been made . want to have a few bullets just in case hot weather or storm takes this thing up to $3.50 . selling some upside calls just in case that never happens i'll still make money . been an incredible run so far . have half a mind to pack things up and go on vacation for the rest of year . however , i'm just doing it for a week and a half starting tomorrow . will talk to you when i get back and we'll figure out what to do then .
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book . concentrate mainly on gas and power . maybe some weather and products . identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing .
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me
director
it's going to take complete rejection of phys molecules to get solidly under $3 . i expect some really good chop for 2 weeks . have enough people waiting for sub $3 to buy back all their shorts...don't think it's that easy from here, .
puts i assume . for what months ?
take-out , wine , and movie ?
yes
how bout i bring it ?
how about you get the food
i'll get the movie and wine . my suggestion is something from central market but i'm easy
John: Here is my analysis of my guys: Mike Maggi ( 2 ) : P@L for first half a bit misleading . Up till today , he has run and taken the P&L for 7 days . 3 days were in the first half of the year and 4 in July so far . Running EOL is a law of averages...some days you get killed some you do well . The second day he got massacred: T boone sold 3000 contracts as well as the floor selling on an illiquid day followed by gap down the next day . P&L for that day was -$7 . the four days in july have been really good , probably +$6-7 . So I look at his P&L for the first half of the year as Jan 1-Jul 6 . That P&L of $15 is around my expectations . runs low var . pretty good at running EOL when I'm not there . A little too reactionary but hopefully more experience will help . makes most money in market making , probably slighlty negative in greeks and negative in curve shift . Would like for him to turn both of those positive . A bit hadicapped because present format doesnt allow him to fully get physical info . Required to spend all time in front of computer . needs to develop John Griffith to allow him to get off the desk more . good contrarian trader . often has opposite position of floor . willing to stop out and is nimble . needs to take more of a macro view of vol rather than ending up with everybody' elses positions . Vital for me to have him as a bbackup right now . Cannot function without one of us on the desk . Computer causing problems . will email with other guys later .
any chance you can go to the game tonight ? i've got the good ones. .
interest in diamonds tonight ?
anybody want four good tix to tonight's baseball game
[Arnold , John] jarnold@enron.com Panel height: 65" Panel fabric: Blue patterns Panel trim: Ligh Blue Surface Lam: Light Gray Speckle Pedestals: Light Blue Componentry: Corner surface surfaces , BBF pedestals , overhead bins , lighting Power: yes down Spline Quantity avail: 16 + stations Price: $995.00 per station Plus delivery & Installation Panel height: 44" Panel fabric: Gray/Beige mix ( Very Nice! ) Panel trim: Beige Surface Lam: Beige Pedestals: Beige Station size: 5' telemarketing stations Componentry: 60" X 30" surface with BBF pedestal Power: NON Quantity avail: 10 + stations Price: $495.00 per station Plus delivery & Installation Photos: ********* ACME WORKSTATIONS ************* SPECIAL OFFER!!!!! ! Panel fabric: Mauve Panel trim: Light Gray Surface Lam: Medium Gray Pedestals: Light Gray Componentry: "L" shaped surfaces , BBF pedestals , shelves , task lighting Power: yes down Spline Quantity avail: 40+ stations Price: $770.00 per station Plus delivery & Installation Photos: Panel height: 62" Panel fabric: Gray/Beige mix ( very Nice! ) Panel trim: Black Surface Lam: Maple Pedestals: Black Componentry: Corner surface , BBF pedestals , Shelf Power: yes down Spline Quantity avail: ( 8 ) stations Price: $650.00 per station Plus delivery & Installation Photos: +++++++++ LATERAL FILES ++++++++++++ Colors: light gray Putty This week's price is at $195.00 - $395.00 per unit Plus delivery Manufacturer: Sit-On-it Fabric color: Black Arms: Lopped ( non adjustable ) Pneumatic lift: Yes Back Adjustment: Yes Condition: Very good Quantity available: 65+ Price each: $65.00 + delivery Photos: Totally remanufactured Herman Miller Pneumatic lift , adjustable arms available In the Fabric of you choice Pricing depends on quantity ++++++++++ CONFERENCE TABLES ++++++++++++++++ 28' X 5' beautiful conference table 4 sections , 3 drum bases Price: $8,500.00 + delivery & set up Photos: Also Available ( 1 ) 14' X 4' racetrack laminate mahogany @$550.00 ( with matching 6' credenza ) ALL OFFERINGS SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE Call us for your workstation , filing and seating needs . We provide as-is and refurbished workstations by Steelcase , Herman Miller , Haworth , Knoll and more . WE PURCHASE WORKSTATIONS , FILING , SEATING & DESKS ************TRADE SHOW REMINDER************* Managing the Real estate Game Vancouver , BC Canada 28th Annual NACORE Exposition Nashville , TN IFMA`s World Workplace Kansas City , MO NeoCon New York New York City , NY NeoCon West Los Angles , CA ********** USEFUL SITES ********** Today's Facility Manager Association Higher Education Facilities Officers Business Facilities Facilities Design Intl Facility Mgmt Assoc Facilities Resource Mgmt FM Datacom Facilities Exchange Facilities Pro Resource Facilities Engineering International Society of Facilities Executives Facilities Source International Development Council Aron Groner - a division of - Office Assets Management , Inc . New York , NY 10018 Under Bill s.1618 TITLE III passed by the 105th U.S . Congress this letter cannot be considered spam as long as we include: Contact information and offer a way to be removed from future mailings . To be removed from these monthly specials e-mailers please send a e-mail to removeme@cubicles.com with your name , address , company name and the exact e-mail address this message was sent to . If you desire removal allow us to extend our sincere apologies for any inconvenience your receiving this message may have caused .
1 . Did API's indicate that there may have been switching from resid back to gas ? 2 . Did the 2 crude traders that left quit or get fired ?
Under new rules instituted this year by Commissioner Bud Selig , an umpire can automatically eject a pitcher if he believes he's throwing at a batter . He does not have to issue a warning before an ejection . Fletcher did not warn Mann for hitting Gonzalez or Cordova . "The umpire said Bartolo threw the ball at his head and that's an automatic ejection," said Manuel . "But the ball missed his head by three feet . It tipped off his bat." Colon said he wasn't trying to hit Servais . "I will protect my teammates," said Colon , speaking through bullpen coach/interpreter Luis Isaac . "I can hit anyone I want at any time . That's why I feel bad . I wasn't trying to hit him . The ball slipped." Fryman defended his pitcher . "At no point , do I approve of throwing at someone's head," said Fryman . "But that pitch did not surprise anyone in the ballpark . Bartolo should not have been ejected . There should have been an immediate warning to each bench .
i took a week and a half off during the same time that Bo Collins of EL Paso left so naturally I am going to El paso . I'm not going anywhere unfortunately . I'm in for July 31 if you've got them
I have no good thoughts about the market . everybody wants it to go down to 2.80 so I covered my short at 310-5 . cash very strong at these lower levels with some gen load . should act to flatten curve as good producer selling in back . playing range and selling vol . think aga may surprise lower than expectations .
had phone problems . ..lost my charger . It was good . I may be the most influential in the world of finance in the past 50 years
those certainly were the good ole days .
i really have no idea . probably lower just becasue of the trend and overwhelming bearish view of the market .
what happened to you last night ? couldnt get ahold of you on your cell .
flat . i had my lowest var in over a year this morning
that's fine . the later the better but definitely after 2:30
I'm big seller of interventions . they tend not to work . if the gas market wants to go lower , enron coming out and buying 10,000 contracts is not going to stop the market from going down . maybe in the short term , but that's it . same with currencies . ECB can come out and transfer some of its foreign reserves from dollars to Euros , but they are limited by their currency reserves unless they want to act in the futures market at which point they have to exit that position at some point . i think it is more psychological than anything . i think overall market interventions have been extremely ineffective .
remind me of that bet again
me thinks the currency market has seen enough failed interventions that it shrugs off any intervention and may view it as a sign of weakness . me also thinks that until foreigners quit plowing all their money into the US the dollar should remain fairly strong . however , if all the hedge funds are short which i assume they would be , the turnaround will be very quick .
how about your local bank? ?
selective memory maybe
if you're around stop by around 500-515 today to talk about all this stuff
big plans tonight ?
with ?
yea...talk to john griffith about getting this info . if you want to get a sense of my position , stop by monday afternoon .
i didnt mean to get so run over
yet his price forecast from last week is 2.60ish for next summer...is that the struggle between bullish next summer but coming out of the winter with a lot of gas in the ground ?
what's your longer term 3-12 month view of heat ? thinking about buying against short natty for next summer .
think trade reluctant to sell here until they see aga on wednesday and knowing that tropical activity will develop at some point . however , think the failure from 335 last thursday will weigh on people . think that nobody wants to own above 325 , only as very short term trade to sell to someone else 5-10 cents higher unless aga is very bullish .
if the number last week was right , then that looks possible . however , 2 weeks ago the # came out higher than everybody thought so all the models were jacked up . aga is certainly much better than the api but still cant put too much into one number
not really . i actually don't think the market's going to move too much even though the range of expectations is huge . there are enough people on the sidelines to mute a move either way
me thinks below but won't really move until closer to expiry
i'm just here to do my job and not worry about prestige , or something
i probably would have told you within the first 2 months
Hey , Surprised to hear from you . jeff is in charge of nat gas operations and reports to sally beck who is in charge of all back office ops . as of this morn , he is still here . i've heard some wacky enron rumors before but this one is pretty good . where'd you hear this ?
1 . i would guess notional value $2-3 bil per day including financial derivatives . 2 . probably doubled market share in gas since eol 3 . probably 25% of our trades are intl
Can I assume we are ready to test the limit orders ?
i would still like to conduct the test . we may have 10-20 internal orders at a short interval after aga
thanks .
thanks for doing that interview for me . can you reply to this ?
exaggerations...word travels everywhere doesnt it ? how'd you hear ? me thinks everybody short and everybody wants the market to go down . I'm relatively flat and would love to squeeze all the fuckers out so I can sell them 20 cents higher .
i think there are so many shorts that some of the weak guys are squeezable here . not all and not massive short covering . just think the boys will be buying in front of next week's number . best trade is to be long now and sell right before number
you're right about the email address . thanks . as i said , if your product allows enron to reach more customers , we would have interest in participating in the structure . John
someone's got too much time
i just cant get too enthused about the short side . why did cash go out trading +5 for a weekend when there was zero power gen demand . the easy answer is that pipes were short and everybody playing catchup from this week . fine . what's it going to trade next week . the gas daily swap implies flat , but it's lagged the actual spread all month . i think cash surprises by trading positive next week with no power gen . this market is not trading like we run out of injection space . so either the market is wrong ( maybe but a dangerous assumption to make ) or I don't see why sep is so overvalued relative to the rest of the curve . you can certainly argue that the winter and cal 2 are too high , but those certainly don't seem to be going down very fast . march is off 8 cents since jun 29 . so if the market wants to say that march is worth 354 , then why is sep too high at 298 ?
yea , i'd be willing to take a look at any of these ideas .
hey: thanks , we already have the front 2 spreads out ( u/v,v/x) . do you think there would be interest in the strip spreads ?
yea
will every programmer involved on this project be in this building working this weekend ?
i found this searching for gas stuff if you care. .
wanna chew on my toenails ?
yes
how can i help for the video ?
wrong email address
i have a meeting with Heath Schiesser ( VP of Xcelerator ) today . can I join the trucking fundies group instead ?
if you want.. .
do you know if i have astros tix from upstairs anytime soon ?
no real opinion except short vol
hungry ?
at my desk
what's pdx ?
what's toronto
are they fun or boring work folk ?
we'll do it another time...i dont really want to talk about work all night . thanks though
your welcome and thanks
sure
option mtg today at 4:15 topics include long term vol
hey stupid: do you know if jason ever signed an evergreen ? if not , can you print one up ?
agree
agree
agree
are you going to blow me off for dinner again tonight ?
cause you played hooky this morn ?
what do they mean when they have a cold summer scenario results in a $1.50 price ? these guys are freaks .
With the daily chaos that ensues on this floor , sometimes communication is sacrificed . Fortunately , we have the message board to facilitate real time sharing of information . I think all of us , including myself , underutilize this tool . I want to encourage everybody to keep the board open on their computers all day long . In addition , I want everybody to post at least one message every day . This can be an interesting trade that just happened , what counterparties are trying to do , new information you uncovered , etc . Information we learn can be very valuable to other desks and it is only fair that if we're taking info from the board , we should be contributing as well .
With skilling gone I move up one spot...from 147th to 146th . This market sucks! ! Right back where we were before the # last week . I have so little interest right now . just glad i held onto the short straddle position . wish i had something intelligent to say but i don't .
in regards to the stock , tell me about it . flat price me thinks we go nowhere for a while . think the next push down doesnt come again until late october . im buying z 300/250 put spread for 11 . still looking for 3.1 by end of season . probably 2.95-3.0 for nov 31 . who wants baseload gas for dec in that scenario ? aga's.. . think high 70's is neutral the market . if it comes out 70-85 you can shit on vol . that'd be good for me .
hard to say odds on a revision . don't think aga would make a revision , but an individual stg field could . another option is that a stg field that realizes they fucked up just fades the number over the next several weeks such that each number going forward is bigger than expected .
wrong addressee
we're going to have a mandatory eol trading simulation session today at 4:00 . Can you email all traders on the floor and make sure the desk heads know . Also , postpone my 4:00-5:00 mtgs until after 5 or tomorrow . thanks
got this one
Greg: I just realized I'm out of town thursday and friday of next week . any chance we can meet with bo wednesday afternoon ?
i'm planning on it
how bout we split the moolah
for what ?
wrong wrong wrong you're talk no action
want to get a fancy dinner tongiht ?
let's say thursday . were you counting in ac ?
any interest in catching the us soccer game tonight ? me thinks it starts at 9
how about those dutch , or dutchesses
i just mean to flip/flop the traders and orig so they are still sitting together but the trading is next to financial and texas rather than the orig
yes . we've made budget this year . what do we need more income for ?
1 . on family vacation how bout sep30-1 2 . already bot a second bed , but thanks for the offer
i'm blaming my p&l on you today
Tammy: can you send me another copy of the 6th floor seating chart Thanks , John
boo
can you pay this
on a scale of 1-10 how good is this guy ?
on a scale of 1-10 how bad is the name Gad Casby ?
when do i have baseball tix for ?
can you have Kathy Gribstald ( ? ) send me an electronic copy of the picture that appeared in the Enside mag? ?
Scott: Condolences to the Carr family . If you need to reach me for any reason , I can be reached at 713-853-3293
my old carrier went out of biz this week , convenient huh ? so i do not have service as of 2 days ago .
thank you
you make me so jealous
Bob: Work with me on this . I'm looking at the doc now and will have comments later today . John
Jeff: The trade did go in yesterday to book "oil-price-spec" . If this is not the right book , email or call . john
We have the whole curve out . The nymex is just another trading platform that is inconsequential to markets we make except for arb opportunities and for the fact that our swaps settle against the nymex settlement . our volume is pretty normal at this point .
i've been selling . was long 500 and selling out . everybody will be expecting the crude draws . they dont matter . think this is tremendously bearish all energy demand . supply shocks are the only question , but I dont think US will end up fighting a war against the middle east . Who cares if we nuke afghanistan ?
all I hear is that all the funds are going to get squeezed as soon as the nymex opens . fuck , i don't know , but I'm not going get long crude hoping to squeeze the funds . lost that game too many times .
huh ?
the nymex is so technologically incompetent that they have no idea . after working on it for 18 months they're trying to buy are technology now
if cash/futures is 10-15 then oct will have a very weak settle . they are trying to use the regular access system on the internet which was supposed to come out two weeks ago but they delayed because the firewalls and security issues hadnt been solved
Scary how we have the same sense of humor . Havent told anybody yet . So I have a favor to ask: whether we never talk again , just become good friends , or grow old together with 6 kids , please never,ever refer to me as the energy guy . You can refer to him as that , just not me . Officially tired of watching the news . Actually there is very little new about it . Channel 12: the local viewpoint . CNN: the national viewpoint . CNBC: the business viewpoint . ESPN: the sports viewpoint . Pat Robertson Channel: God's viewpoint . The politicians all hold news conferences and talk for 15 minutes and say nothing . "We interrupt the State Dept's news conference to bring you the Justice Dept's news conference where we expect there going to say 'no comment at this time' frequently." I have a tv on my desk at work that is on constantly just in case something happens , but meanwhile it's driving me nuts . Just found out another girl I knew is missing . I was supposed to go out with this girl a couple years ago on a blind date but it never went through . I met her after that . So let's talk about something better . We'll start shallow . What kind of music do you like ? John
I don't remember him but it is my understanding nobody has been heard from that worked in the Carr office in the wtc .
Please call me in the morning so I can 3-way with an EOL technical rep to find out happened . One looked at it this afternoon , and according to his preliminary analysis , the order was placed at 10:57 and never canceled . Obviously that is counter to your knowledge of the transaction . Let's straighten this out first thing in the morning . John
Hey , by the way , did you ever find your cell phone?? ? Network traffic very heavy right now so you might not get this until tonight . John
Sorry for the extremely late response . Despite the fact that Eva referred you , we would have interest in meeting with you about emplyment opps . I was planning on going to NY in a couple weeks but at this point , I don't know . I would highly recommend that you follow the formal recruitment program in addition to any talks we have . Although I can recommend to make you an offer , it is much easier if it is done in parallel with the associate recruitment program . After the current events calm down , we can talk via phone about my experience here and why I think there are some good opportunities here .
done
bid it up on low volume... . thanks
This is a summary of my position and trading goals today . Advise if you dont agree .
yea , what are you doing after ?
Post Midtown Square
seems to me trade guys are getting royally fucked in crude
Happy B-Day by the way . Hope everything's going well . We're having network problems again so I hope you get this soon .
i had to cover some . too much risk . rode most of it back down . i think this whole event is bearish energy... .
nobody important
good point
your welcome
I'm going home . Have fun tonight . Talk to you tomorrow .
I see I've made quite an impression on you msled .
I created 2 new deals that reversed the deals mentioned .
So , well....I was thinking , um , you know . Uh , never mind . But actually , I was wondering ( cough,cough ) that , well . Ok , I'm just gonna say it . Are you you ready . Ok , here it goes.. . Would you like to get a drink some time ? p.s.--Whew , I was never good at asking girls out but I think that went pretty smoothly .
Agree with the first paragraph . Bets get tougher from here . Not so obvious and require much larger size to get same juice . Generally not a good position considering the current world order , or disorder . Not much juice in gas basis either . This is where we see whether we are good traders or just great fundamentalists .
Hey: 1 . Theoretically we could agree upon a trade and cross it on ICE after hours when the risk that someone else gets inside is remote . This is a prearranged trade and is illegal on Nymex , but it is my understanding it will be legal on ICE assuming ICE uses the IPE clearing platform , where prearranged trading is legal . Agree about liquidity . I dont think this really helps ICE's volumes , nor liquidity . Funds want liquidity so they will not flock to ICE in the current state . 2 . My guess is not intercommodity , but maybe intracommodity . For instance , a gas daily swap against front month futures may have lower margin than the 2 trades additive . Important Note: ICE is our competition and I am very,very wary to support their system , unless absolutely necessary .
P.S . - Can you bring me some free samples of the bladder control medicine . It'll save me some money .
Please change my address of record to John Arnold Houston 77002 Thanks , John
you working out today ?
I'm running out the door to go drinking with the boys at front porch , right next to my apartment . I don't think your dad would like me so much . Will explain later . Sorry about your day . Maybe you can find some happiness in the book of prayers . Maybe you can find more happiness in the money . Talk to you later .
wow...how did our guys do ?
yea , that was for oct a couple hours before expiry . dont have a whole lot of interest being fundamentally long crude . maybe for a scalp buy if we get overdone which we might be this morn . T Boone how ?
are you going to the game 2 nite ?
it wouldnt be fun if I were fair .
Lucky sob
Yesterday was just a little crazy . Crude had it's biggest fall in 10 years so that translated into a very busy day . Plus my best employee was just offered a job across the street for a big chunk of money . At least I made money . I should be getting my phone line at home today ( of course they've been saying that for 5 days now ) at which point they can install dsl . Thatll make it much easier . Went to the bb game again last night . Love them stros . How'd you're presentation go last night ? Did the doc talk good about your drug ? Have a good one ,
cold 11-15 . oct expires tomorrow .
is it real ?
nobody from the first tower made it down , right ?
whats the name of the "priceline" type site that gives you an hour to buy the ticket .
40 yard line 20th row in my hands
just got them . thanks a lot
I have 4 tix sec 124 row 34 for tonight if you or anyone in your group wants them
thx for the update . funny how the banks will deal with us and ospraie won't . oh well , nothing we can do .
god i hope so
stop sending me these
do you and brad have a minute to sit down today ?
see you there
Seems a little out of whack but as we seen time and time again , fundamental relationships don't have to hold in the short term .
BBB+ credits dont go bankrupt overnight . we can get downgraded overnight , though . put a clause in the contract that if we get downgraded below inv grade there is some sort of orderly liquidation of the swaps . talk to credit about how we handle this with others .
How about next wednesday? ?
I actually went to go talk to him yesterday but he was already gone and he's on vacation today . I'll talk to him next week . Probably better for him to hear the benfits from my mouth . We do need to talk to him before we get too far . EOL working very well as of late .
there are few scenarios whereby that spread comes in except if you take it to settlement . if dec is strong , jan is strong too . if dec is weak , jan retains some risk premium .
me thinks so
yep , what are you doing later ?
no thx
i think they worked this out . John
why is george down ?
thank god i got out on friday . had a much better month trading crude than gas .
yea
you coulda sent me this 8 months ago... .
not necessarily looking for predictive power . that's a 3 year project . just for market making skillset . The work that Dave Forster did was just for front month . That creates month 1 . Then , similar logic has to create a month 1/month 2 spread to create a month 2 outright market . Same for month 2/ month 3 to create month 3 . There might be 24-36 individual markets to create a forward curve . Sometimes month 1 has correlation to the month 1/ month 2 spread . Sometimes it does not . Must create a system that is mechanical but very easy for a human to add bias .
Funny that they say mixed response to new ceo's
Someone in my group or myself will attend .
got your running shoes on ?
mike maggi resigned this morning to take a job at a competitor . He is under contract . Lavo has been advised . What do I need to do ?
not really and no
ended up getting in late last night . monday night football turned into tuesday morning football .
sucks to be mediocre , huh ?
elpaso , same thing Want to trade options ?
outright long....a long time from now . looks like with cold weather curve is going to reshape . front up , back nothing
hey buddy: heard you're in town . any interest in going to the bb game tonight ? have some right field homerun catching seats
Hello: Wondering if we can meet to pick up the tix . I work and live in downtown . Please advise or call me at 713-557-3330 .
just got some tix in right field for tonight's game . any interest ?
why is anybody giving you scoop ?
i think cash gets much stronger over the coming weeks relative to nov . first inclination when cash comes up is that futures go up . however , there is an 80 cent spread between cash and december . cash can easily go up without dec moving .
just bot them . I'll save one for you . just let me know asap .
any interest in going to bb game tonight . crude reunion . jt , racecar , and me . tix in HR #70 catching territory .
Sounds good . I have cash . I work at the old Enron building . Just give me a call when you're close and I'll meet you on the street right in front of the building .
maybe we just hold all the gas until next winter . we'll worry about that problem next september . novy expiry can go anywhere . Too early to say . Probably around $2 though as I cant imagine who is a baseload buyer of gas in november when the US is a net injector the first 1-2 weeks barring cold spell and the pipelines are trying to start withdrawing .
Can you meet this guy if I'm off the desk ?
For anybody that doesnt know , Maggi resigned today to go to El Paso . I will be sending out an email with a broader distribution this afternoon . Please keep this quiet until then . Plan to meet at 4:30 today to discuss the ongoing structure of the desk .
I'm going to put out an email this afternoon
you suck . how pissed will you be if the guy next to me catches 71 . call me before you leave tomorrow .
can you find out the scoop on ravi thuraisingham as far as reviews , rankings , etc . thinking about hiring him .
me thinks people are trading the headline and not the story
ene: the india story . I lok at it and say we sold india . then realize we the gas , not the assets .
no . waiting for a rally to sell . if dont get one will stay out .
no . Have had 2 late nights in a row and it doesnt get much better rest of the week . had to get an extra hour of beauty sleep . can you tell ?
I went to the Front Porch after the crappy game and then went back to my front porch with billy white . he wouldnt leave . stayed until 1:15 . get the feeling he doesnt get out much .
actually a terrible game . bonds didnt get a ball out of the infield in the air . granted we werent exactly pitching strikes to him .
not enough
come on up tomorrow afternoon .
yea
I would pay $300 for the tix tonight . I feel ripped off for the crappy game I had to sit through tuesday .
yea , can you meet me at enron again ?
Pull this up and click on hit chart Your tix are sec 154 , row 12 , seats 1-4 , on the aisle of sec 155
at least I made $100 for my services
can you email lavorato maggi's address
nope
going to the game . I'll be at the front porch tomorrow.. .
depends on the legal outcome . thhere is still a possibility we get all of our money back , although a roe of 0% for 10 years . Still , a better roe than broadband investments
can we meet at 4:00 instead ?
because we're $10 off the lows or because you think we're overvalued ?
what do you think now ?
you doing anything tonight ?
no need . the drinks will be warm by the time I get back up to the 6th floor .
yes , he'll be at work on monday . can you have docs ready sometime during the day ? by the way , these are crappy pics . The prediction company says you go 4-7 .
YOU'RE A HACK
Eddie Gaetchens ( ?) , Marty , and Kevin from Man are coming down Wednesday if anybody is up for dinner or drinks
want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon ?
no way . we're still paying $5000 for new employee referrals
they're giving away a porsche boxster or a cardboard boxcutter ?
my little junior league girl . so sweet . let's leave around 1130ish
she starts at 12:12
sure . just call me when you get out
jeans
I'm wearing a shirt too
maybe after the game .
I never knew your fantasies.. .
Do you want to drink beer ? I'll work on sneaking a bottle of Opus in otherwise .
Not so impressed with David goldman . For a guy who has worked in derivatives for 10 years , couldnt answer some simple questions . Very poor financial derivatives knowledge even though he worked at CRT for a long time and a Lyonnais for a while . The only value I see in him is that he worked at BP for a while and might have some knowledge as to how they work .
that was pretty funny . Do not still have the double date thing . I need a favor in return for interviewing your boys . Remember Mark Findsen . He's looking to get back into the business , possibly from the trading side . I actually think he might make a better orig guy . He has been in the crude and products markets for 10+ years . Has no experiece in trading energy but has been day trading equities for past year . He asked if he could get a round of interviews at Enron . Could you set up a round for him ?
maybe , some specialization is beneficial though .
sounds like it's clean from your side . I HATE SWAPTIONS! !
If these problems are not being addressed as they should be , call me and I'll get on it . This is unacceptable .
Sorry,sorry , sorry . Havent had internet access at home for past 5 weeks . Much easier to write these at home as when I'm done trading I don't want to look at my computer . For november , very neutral . Cash is impressive . Agree shutins , switching , and some weather are making market look more like equilibrium . Think with cash/futures at 20 cents , x/z looks crazy . As soon as z becomes prompt , the fear factor/risk premium of it will decrease and the whole winter will come off . Like your h/j trade . Hard to see it really being worth 9 cents at settlement . Been buying a lot of y/y cantango as I think next summer will be a piece but longer term gas story still very real and customers know it . Wouldnt be surprised to see 2/3 go to 50+ . I think x has some room to go up , but not a lot . Dont want to play the market from the long side as been burned before trying to get long a market that is still in a downtrend . Seems like the curve will just keep rolling down with each expiry . All the winter months might settle 2.25 . As such , the best thing to be short is jan .
LOSER
what's brian's last name ?
Johnny: I'll get Mark Findsen to call you . Can you have at least 1 trader interview him as well . Thanks , John
Any chance we can introduce limit orders to spreads ?
Sushi on Thursday at the new place in the Village ?
going to the game ?
cancel above . we'll do it next week
got whalley's for today at noon . can you go ?
are you there ?
I've 2 extra tix if you anybody we like .
yea
I just found a taker . Sorry .
I'm in .
can you make a reservation for 8 at vallones at 6:30 today .
sorry , just got your msg . cant go today . by the way , you're a lousy friend .
don't worry about it
I'm sure he'll come down whenever we ask . Should I tell him to get his butt down here and show us the love ?
your welcome . It was really good to see you again . Maybe we can so something again before 2 months
All good
He should call you today or tomorrow morning . I do not have a list of interviewers in mind . I would like Bill White to talk to him though . Thanks .
Hey: That's one hell of a bd celebration . Don't think I can hang in you guys . Was definitely a little sleepy yesterday . Went to the bb game and then had a biz dinner last night . I was almost asleep driving home at 8:30 . At least I was sane enough to yell buy and sell at random points during the day .
I assume you're going to let people select news categories such as us energy news and avoid articles about paskistani oil fields .
Any time tomorrow afternoon around 3 or 4:45 to discuss ?
Just following up to see if the recruiting season has started and to make sure everything is going okay . If you need anything , just say the word .
I've got a mtg from 4-4:30ish so either before or after
If you have blackberry , keep me informed about pira
ng lows in place but q1 forecast $2.2 ? ? ? don't understand . also , what's longer term forecast i.e . past mar 03
you goofball go to www.snopes2.com ,  click on rumors of war , and then go to the first entry about halloween .
yes
what is our flight schedule for monday ?
any substance to their argument or just their beliefs .
The y/y spreads have come in decently over the past week and a half . The 2/10 spread has moved from 104 to 94 . It may be a good time to move the 3-10 to a cal 2 trade . Pira just gave their seasonal conference in NY and they are very bullish long term gas . forecast Nymex Regardless of what you think of Pira and long term price forecasts , the rest of the market does listen . They have a tremendous amount of respect in the industry and affect how customers and producers hedge . The flow , which has been buyers over for the way backs , I think will get more pronounced , especially if the front goes down . In the past week , I've sold Duke 40,000/d Cal 6-10 and 25,000/d Cal 7-10 . I've sold PGE maybe 30,000 day Cal 4-5 . The only seller has been El Paso whom I believe is hedging production . He is trying to pressure the y/y spreads as a spec trade that I think was/is being done to front run the corp hedges . I've used it as an opportunity to put a lot of spreads away for inventory down the road . If you want to buy this strip back in the next 6 months , I think it's going to be much easier/cheaper to roll it closer .
which way ?
[Arnold , John] We're working out today at 4:30
I hated it
1 . I'm going to see T Boone Tuesday 2 . Fine me for Var for Friday . I promise I'll buy on Monday .
How about 7:00
Joey: Can you round the price of following EOL deals from 10/9 with Cargill to four decimals while keeping the spread price the same: John
no clue . not a movie buff .
What money ? I don't know what you're talking about
I'll get it at lunch .
damn , thought you forgot
exactly
you got robbed.. .
it's the one thing that could really hit the market . There are a lot of gas hedges on against those trades . If they are torn up , a lot of gas in the back gets sold off hard . Plus , The dynegys of the world lose $1 on their hedges .
me , me , me....you girls are all the same
do you have any time today around 5 ?
Darren: I think Dutch Quigley spoke to you about an individual who is trying to get set up with EOL for his personal account . The person is Tony Annunziata from the Smith Barney AAA fund . He meets the suitability tests as far as net worth and knowledgable investor . He is also willing to post via LC or wire . I gave him your number . I would appreciate if you could expedite his credit application . Thanks , John
stg adjusted means factoring in cost of carry and taxes stg curve looks more realistic in market areas when you add basis on .
Tell him I'm free to meet Oct 19 , 2085 at 2:00 AM . See if that's ok with him .
I referred him to Lavorato
Liz: Just wanted to thank you for the astros playoff tix . Thanks for thinking of me . Maybe you'll invite me up to see your new digs before the move... . John
This guy is working on an EOL project for me right now . Can you send him a file with our EOL trades for today or yesterday with product , price , buy/sell , and timestamp but counterparty names deleted
3:00 up here
I want to have a group mtg from 4:00-5:00 today to discuss some of the enron issues and then vol if we have a chance .
so how'd it go in NY ?
Just wanted to thank you for the gift basket . I usually don't like them because they have crappy wine , but that was actually a really good bottle . Sat out on my patio last night drinkning wine and eating cheese and fruit . Thanks .
Louise has no problem as long as approved by legal and credit
Since I have no idea what you're talking about , I guess I was a little drunk .
can you buy 10,000,000 more please
do you want to go to learn what happened or do you want to go yell at those guys/see those guys get yelled at ?
Daniel: Can you include me in the nymex nat gas advisory panel meeting today ? John Arnold Enron
I had yes to Zaun and no to the others
schweiger's been preparing for that mtg since wednesday . how do you think lay/whalley did ?
spinnaker , one of fred's customer's ,  unwound a hedge today because they dont want exposure to us .
not mad at you
I''ll be drinking either at front porch or little woodrows
Veronica: Deutsche Bank asked me to ask you to call their maintenance margin person , John Jones , at 212 469 6773 . I think they are trying to margin us . John
can you arrange a mtg between the desk heads as soon after 1:30 as possible .
I am sorry you lost the trade but this is not a matter that should be worked in the broker market nor should anybody be looking to profit off the situation . It is being handled directly to ensure the integity and liquidity in the market that is beneficial to all .
that kid is hilarious . Do you know what his last name is ?
There will be a desk head mtg tomorrow , Sunday , at 3:00 on the 33rd floor per Lavorato to discuss positions and strategy . Please confirm via email . My cell # is 713 557 3330 if there are any problems .
cancel ?
I'm going to need an additional report daily for the next couple weeks: for the top 50 counterparties a summary of total EOL volumes and phys gas volumes for average of rolling 30 days , average of rolling 5 days , and previous day with volume differentials in percent relative to 30 day average . For instance : TOTAL VOLUMES Previous day 5 day 30 day US GAS PHYS FWD FIRM <= 1 MONTH BUY SELL Previous day 5 day 30 day Previous day 5 day 30 day Please advise how quickly you can put this together .
who wrote the market commentary are at the bottom of this and who wrote the rest ?
Although tennessee was a very good time not long ago , it sure seems like a long time ago .
How are you with the following counterparties for this transaction: Coral , Duke , Dynegy , Reliant ?
not much from customers lately . Customers waiting for market to stabilize before doing any hedging
BMO wants to do this sleave trade . Duke , Dynegy , Coral , and Reliant have offsetting positions . Who's best for us to do this with ? Also , what's our current balance with BMO ? Should I demand for the trade to be offmarket ?
can you have the back run a new position report as of yesterday and include j aron
he was contacted directly . Why , are you trying to find a good one ?
expect some producer selling if/when mrkt stabilizes . what production data are you looking at ?
Understand . Are you good with Bank of Montreal out that far ?
how about j aron ?
Tell them to calm down . I'm going to start clearing amro , tfs , and carr trades through them as well . I will do a new xpit to offset some of the new positions that will lower the margin in the short term .
Are we proposing to pay refco for order flow , like a tick per trade , or are we going to give them our prices and then they widen them to add their juice ?
Talk to Geoff Storey . He is handling a transaction that will reduce the majority of exposure to us Wednesday morning .
Jeff: If you talk to Greg Trentham , will you ask him to call me ? I have not had a chance to talk to him yet . Thanks , John
Does my boy Marc Findsen have a chance ?
Can you get me an itinary of events ?
banc one
how about monday after work ? or monday lunch if we're all fired by then.. .
sign me up
I'll have an answer by 9:30
Please stick him on
Understand . Enron has been Man's biggest account for years and during that time we have paid them a lot in commissions . They approached us on Wednesday to try to increase the margin required , even though we were below the credit threshold that had been established in the contracts written 5+ years ago . I refused to agree to change the margin calculations . It became clear that Man was uncomfortable with the exposure to such a big account given that Man is a relatively small shop . I agreed to xpit some positions such that they would get more comfortable with the outstanding risk in the account . At the same time I told them I was transacting business as usual and if they couldnt handle/didnt want the clearing business I would clear somebody else but that was a permanent decision for them to make . Clear our business always , or clear it never . Paribas has stuck with us throughout and I intend to clear the majority of future biz with Paribas . I agreed during hours of phone calls wednesday that we would xpit specific futures positions on thursday , which we did , but the rest of the position would stay there . They agreed . We specifically stated the rest of the positions and the options would stay and we would work out those positions over time . &!@$ them if they are trying to go back on that .
Will you wire the money immediately when this is done ?
yes , I replied and asked mike if he'd wire the money today if I agreeed . waiting on his response .
we have already done the aug 03 , how many may 02 do you want us to do ?
being done as I write this
We just finished doing the xpit that they asked for . They have agreed to send the money immediately after that was done . We should be getting the money very soon . Hold off on the letter right now .
Please notify me as soon as the wire has been sent . I assume you are working on this right now .
can you confirm when we get it ?
I thought I had pulled one over you.. . I don't envy your job . The trade guys do a good job of ganging up on you .
ready any time you are
according to whom ?
we have until thursday i believe
if they demand this on thursday , i'm going to put their nat gas operation out of business .
i was just thinking i should invite you to come over tonight . wanna come ?
how about 4:00 ?
sure
fyi : Having more and more counterparties that will only deal on one side of my market .
call me if you need me
I've got them . What's your fax #
cancel tonight's festivities
let's push until monday
can you approve this
pull up www.dynegy.com and look at the picture and the headline
for at least another couple days
mirant and koch arent selling physical
I talked to Man and they agreed to back off . They will not call for more margin nor will they require us to move positions , as of this minute anyway . If you hear any differently , please call me . John
wanna get a smoothie with me by the playground with me after school ?
aep goes out and celebrates every night .
Sorry , but don't know the names offhand . Haven't seriously looked externally for 5 years .
what article in the chronicle ?
how bout 3:15 ?
yea , call me when you're walking out
. ..since I waited half an hour for you last time
okay skilling
Tell them that margin will be posted as normal , no excess nor any intraday calls . Since ENE is flush with liquidity , he should be very comfortable that we can pay our bills . The positions will roll off through time until the position gets very small and then we will x-pit everything out of Man and close the account . Anything different and all dealings between Man and Enron in energy will be terminated in both OTC and futures .
yes
isnt that pasta yummy and nutricious ?
i'm working out w/ perky at tline around 530 today if you're interested .
do you still look at this ?
You're a jerk
I think we're sneaking out early to get a beer around 3-4 . Wanna come ?
yea right . on what ? corporate marketing ? ha,ha,ha
yep
wed after work what's in it for us ?
but really ?
I spose so but we might have to take stupid as well I just found out .
she's not allowed to go anymore per ENE
can you get my after 3 eol volumes asap
I liked my drawing better
Looking into it
Kristin: Sorry for the delay . Unfotunately I don't have any openings in my group right now . If I hear of any positions open I'll give you a shout . Can you remind me what title you have now . John
full day today because of aga yea , going home to the Big D
everybody and their mom is short . Plus , a lot of people think the z/f is too wide so either the front needs to go up or the back down . nope
The reason I asked is , this sounds bad , but right now the cheaper you are the easier time I'll have finding you a job .
Is it okay to leave around 3:00 ?
did not , but I went to my wine locker and picked out 12 bottles for the weekend so I think we're okay unless you're taking some to your friends . I'll call you when I'm ready and we'll figure it out .
I went already lazy
give her my email . when are we leaving ?
Bo: I may need to post some EFS after the close today . Can you get that process approved ?
i'm gonna try
Please call me asap
The Jan is confirmed . The Cal 2 is not yet .
The main number at the exchange is
Although I love you , that's not appropriate for any 3 way sleeves . EFS should be billed normally .
yea . Give me your cell and home numbers .
try to net woth bank of america the cal 4,5
find out who they deal with and I'll try to find a counterparty that has the other side
customers may buy options from us .
i can probably find an offset
call me when you want a live quote
please post this efs with smith barney
I don't know if I gave this to you yet .
go ahead
Things are okay . May be much better in a week or two . Can you email me an update of how the 3 hedge funds are doing . I may have another chunk of money to invest should you have any good opportunities lying around . Still mainly interested in alternative investments with you . Also , can you confirm my address . I have moved recently and dont know if you have the new one . 2000 Bagby #15403; Houston 77002 .
Come talk to me sometime today before you leave .
yep
Mark: I know you must be very busy right now . I do have a important favor to ask . I am worried about the reaction should the names and numbers of the trading retention pool be made public . If you get notice of if and when that is to happen , advanced warning would be very helpful . If I cannot be reached at the office , my cell phone number is 713-557-3330 . Thanks , John
what are your plans ?
yep .
what day is jen and paula's party ?
I would like to check availability for period of Dec 29-Jan 1 for 2 people . Please advise . John
Only took me 3 weeks to respond . That's pretty good for me . I think things started collapsing the day I got your original email . Obviously not an opportune time to come take the tour right now . Not so impressive when the building is 80% empty . If/when we get the operation started again , I'll bring you up for a tour .
Still have new years open , right ?
Mark: I looked into the payment . Unfortunately , there is nothing I can do . Everything has to get approved by lawyers and they can't pay a vendor arbitrarily . I'll keep working on it . Sorry . What do you think of ng and cl here ?
Sorry for the delay . The big guys have been maharris,stuckey and barker .
Kim Ward thinks you're a big dork
I have another meeting from 2:00 - 3:00pm . I would only be available for the first 30 minutes .
Gerry , Lindy and I are going to tag team on this . She and I will get together on the results of these meetings . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy Donoho will attend for our group . Thanks , Kim .
Mara , I have a monthly outtage meeting to go to from 1:00 to 2:00pm . Can I just come late ? Has everyone in our group committed to a time to test with you yet ? I would like to test with you tomorrow after 1:30 . Let me know what works for you . Thanks , Kim .
Mike , I'm sorry I accidentally deleted you off the distribution list when I was putting this together and didn't realize it until this morning . My apologizes . Thanks , Kim .
Bill , To get hard to find tickets , go to the Plaza Hotel ( borders Central Park near FAO Schwartz ) entering through the front door , proceed ahead around the big lobby/tea area around to the right and find a woman in a closet sized booth ( literally a closet) . Cast members turn tickets over to her to sell that they are given for their shows . She is completely independent from the hotel and I'm sure she pays huge rent for the tiny space that she has . They are always wonderful seats to and usually run around $100+ for each ticket . It is always a worth-it splurge if it is for a play you want to see . I used to have her card , but it is long gone by now . You might be able to call the Plaza and inquire as to her name and number and call ahead . Otherwise , just stop in as soon as you get in town . Rent is OK , but if this is your first and maybe only trip to NYC for a while , I would certainly recommend seeing other plays first .  I agree with John , your best hotel bet is the Marriott Marquis , which is very nice for a Marriott and the location is the best . Don't forget to eat lox and a bagel for breakfast ! Keep us posted . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Theresa , I've been out of town the last couple of days , can we get together later today to discuss this ? Would you be available for lunch or right after lunch ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
TK , since you , Steve and I are traveling tomorrow , could you work with Lynn to schedule this meeting for Wednesday . You , for sure , need to be there . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Dot , I'm so glad you know what the problem is . My brother had a similar micro-surgery last year . He went home on the same day and was only off work for a couple of days . Will you be able to start a rehab program/routine after surgery ? Is your doctor comfortable with you traveling to Italy this fall or will it be a wait and see situation to see how you are doing post surgery ? Keep me posted . Thanks , Kim .
Gary , I just wanted to get back with you on the Salt Dome Storage question you asked earlier . I have not been able to find anyone in TW who has knowledge of exploring it , but per Kevin's recent message , it looks like SWG is beginning to pursue it . Do you have any comments or thoughts ? I will be in Omaha on Thursday of this week for a RM meeting , maybe we can hook up for a few minutes and visit about this . Thanks , Kim .
I'll come see you after lunch . Thanks , Kim .
I would like to attend the Legal Essentials for Managers training on August 22 . Thank you , Kim Watson
John , Hi , I got your voice mail while I was out of town . I am out of town tomorrow , but I am coming to Omaha on Wed eve . and will be in the office on Thursday . Can we talk for a while on Thursday afternoon to discuss USGT ? Thanks , Kim .
Theresa , FYI , Let's talk on Wednesday . I'm in Dallas tomorrow . Thanks , Kim .
Yes , I will attend . Thanks , Kim .
Michelle , please respond to Ava if you would like to attend . Thanks , Kim .
John , FYI , I'll let you know when I hear from her . Thanks , Kim .
J , are you interested in this ? K .
Sasha , Thank you so much for all of your help in coordinating this important meeting for us . As you prepare the memo , here are the names we would like it distributed to ( Morgan , please confirm that I have listed the names from your department correctly and completely): John Keller Morgan Gosssponer Eric Faucheaux Perry Frazier Ron Matthews Gale Ramsaran Dennis Alters Buzz Smith Matt Hughes Ben Asante Darrell Schoolcraft Rich Jolly David Roensch Steve Harris Michelle Lokay Lorraine Lindberg Tracy Geaconne Lindy Donoho Kim Watson I will be in Omaha this afternoon and tomorrow , so if you have a draft ready for us to review , just email it back to us . I will check my email tomorrow and get back with you soon . Many thanks , Kim .
I think when I logged in today , I had 34 new messages ! I'm on my way to Omaha this afternoon.....Let's have lunch in the next few weeks ! Kim .
Jean , thank you so much for taking care of this for us ! Are you available for lunch on August 10 or any day during Aug 13-17 ? Thanks , Kim .
Hi Stephanie , By chance are you available for lunch today ? Kim .
Mary , You are going to have such a great time ! Yes , you will need a mixture of both long and short sleeves . You might be able to take one pair of shorts , otherwise , jeans or other long pants will be the preferred leg coverings . A sweatshirt and jacket will be just fine . Is your jacket water wary ? Tennis shoes are definitely OK ! You will love the Tattoo and Edinburgh . Find the Fringe Festival Schedule as soon as you get into town . Look through the book and select a few events that look interesting to you and buy a ticket ( there are signs everywhere or ask someone where the ticket offices are - there are several in town) . Entertainers all over the world come to the festival to get their start . Some of the names you will probably recognize....they got their start there ! Call me when you get back . I'd love to hear all about your trip ! Hugs back at you , Kim . P.S . Stay away from Haggus(spelling?) .
Sasha , This looks wonderful to me . Thank you for all of your help . Will you be with us during our day ? If you are available , I would love for you to be there with us . Also , can you help us coordinate ordering Pizza from Bira's to have during the Mad Potter event ? Morgan , should we just drink the wine and beer from the Mad Potter vs . bringing our own ? If Morgan is good with the memo , go ahead and distribute . Thanks , Kim .
Hi Debbie , Can you tell me who you have talked to ? Michelle is the Oneok rep and is out of town until Monday . I will ask Michelle to assist you in this collection . Michelle , would you please coordinate with Deb and see if you can find the right person a Oneok for us to talk to regarding the AR issue . Thanks , Kim .
Lou- Can you help with this ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Here they are . They are thin this week , lots of things in progress.. . Thanks , Kim .
How about Wednesday ? Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Jerry , Steve Harris asked me to get with you and coordinate any outage planning input that you need from our group . Please let me know how I can be of assistance . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Steve , do you know Rodger Swenke with SoCal ? Kim .
Unfortunately , I do not know Rodger . I sent this message on to Steve to see if he knows of him . Thanks , Kim .
I believe that John and I will have to pass on this one . John ( and I must admit that I , too ) cannot afford to partake in any kind of all you can eat anything . Our buttons are popping now.... . Have fun on this one . Eat a tail or two for me . Thanks , Kim .
Opps , can I scoot you to Thursday ?
Yes , I will be there . Thanks , Kim .
TK , I think it would be a good idea for you to attend this meeting , also . Thanks , Kim .
Can we meet on Monday ? Perhaps after the TW staff meeting which ends about 3:30 to 3:45 . Kim .
Shelly , Steve does not know him either . Kim .
I've got Thursday booked . Thanks , Kim .
I will also be taking vacation on Friday , Stptember , 28 . Thanks , Kim .
John , I've been out of town this week , but I did want you to know that I received your message . Fran Fegan is our HR rep and she can help you and Karen coordinate the paperwork . Thanks , Kim .
Hey Tiny , Thanks for your voice mail regarding Griffith . I will scout it out on Monday and let you know if I hear any confirmation of the water supply . Gee , I hope it's not true . We are still on for August 8 for our strategy session between Facility Planning and Marketing . I believe that HR will be sending out the invite . I thought it would go out this past week , but I'm sure you'll see something early next week . We will start at 8:00am on the 8th and go until about 7:00 or 8:00pm . We will be at the Four Seasons Hotel in downtown Houston . Thanks , Kim .
Craig , Can we get together and talk about this ? I was out of town several days last week , and as I look at it now , I want to make sure I understand the questions that Rita is asking and I'm wondering if we need to do something different with the way that we fill out the deal sheet . Can you help me comb through this ? I'm in the office all next week . Just let me know when it is convenient for you . Thanks , Kim .
Richard , These summaries are great ! Our desk is starting to get more of a commercial focus on these imbalances . May I ask you to put a date on the actual spreadsheet ? As I keep them from week to week , I find that I can't always tell which one is the most current summary . Many thanks and see you in the next Tues . meeting , Kim .
Lindy and TK , would you guys be available to sit in on this meeting ? Thanks , Kim .
Ramona , where will this meeting be . I've asked that Lindy and TK sit in on this . Thanks , Kim .
Jean , Let's book lunch on the 10th . Let's talk early that morning to confirm time and flavor of food . I'm looking forward to it ! Thanks , Kim .
When we get together on Wed for our staff meeting , would you please speak to this to our group . Please let us know if we need to change our behavior on anything . Thanks , Kim .
I will be there ! Sasha , I did not see TK Lohman or Tracey Geaconne on the distribution list . Would you please make sure they get an invite . Also , would you copy Steve Harris on this invitation even though I know he will be out of town on this date . Thanks for your help . Kim .
Audrey , would you please book me a conference room for Wednesday , Aug . 1 from 2:00 to 3:30 for about 4 people . Thanks , Kim .
Hey guys ( or actually for our current group , girls) , Let's plan on getting together on Wednesday , Aug . 1 from 2:00 to 3:30 in EB4180 . The following is a list of things that we need to discuss and they are in no particular order of priority . To the extent that each of you could volunteer to come with some or all of the information on the following items , it will expedite our discussion ( just let me know that you would like to begin pulling this information ) : Price Spreads for ROFR contracts to articulate our resubscription strategy . Imbalances on OBA's Analysis of I to I spreads . - Review past fixed rate transport deals and compare to the historical spreads . Would we have made more money ? Is it reasonable to carve out a percentage of our capacity portfolio and always sell on an I to I rate ? Update Map - coordinate with Darrell , Facility Planning and NNG . West Texas Leg - discussion on our preparation for the Facility Planning/Marketing Strategy Meeting . Arizona Strategy - including Sun Devil . Pooling . Analysis of our business sold and utilized . FT , Alt . Points , IT and contracts sold for specifically for flexible delivery points . ( On this item , we can discuss the type of analysis we would like to look at in our staff meeting prior to pulling any information ) Weekend on call schedule - update Phones Update - replacement for Jeff's position . Frequency of our staff meeting . Industry Conferences Vacation Schedules Also , please let me know of additional items that you would like to have discussed in our staff meeting . I would be happy to include them . Thanks , Kim .
Sasha , Great , sorry , I didn't see the scroll bar . Thanks ! If you would just coordinate an assortment of pizza's , that would be great . I believe Morgan may have a couple of people in his group who are vegetarians , so we should keep this in mind when making some of the selections . I would order plenty for our hearty crowd , someone could always take the leftovers home and eat it for breakfast the next morning ! Also , will the Mad Potter provide the wine , beer and soft drinks ? Is there anything else that you can think of ? Thanks , Kim .
Sasha , I forgot one thing . Let Morgan and I know if you get any declines for our session . Thanks , Kim .
Good Morning Kirk , I hope you had a nice weekend . I have been working on the Interconnect Agreement for the Big Sandy Project and I would like to schedule some time for a telephone conference with you as I have a few "blanks" in the Interconnect Agreement that I would like to discuss with you so that our draft is as complete as it can be . Would you have some time on Tuesday AM or Wednesday AM ? I would also be available on Thursday 2:00-3:00pm . I'm thinking we need about a half an hour . Also , I can update you on the remaining capacity on our Red Rock Expansion which could be used to serve the plant . Thanks , Kim .
Paul , Thanks for the update . Even though last week there were no translated financial statements for MGI , I'm glad that they have them now and will be sending them to you . Jorge and I are scheduled to talk tomorrow morning to discuss the rate . I will keep you posted . Thanks , Kim .
Rod , Thanks for your comments . They will be incorporated into the next draft that I route . I expect to hear from Jorge tomorrow regarding their thoughts on the proposed rate . I'll keep you posted . Thanks , Kim .
We will meet after the morning meeting tomorrow to discuss these imbalances with Market Services . If you are available , please plan to attend . Thanks , Kim .
Privileged and Confidential Spreadsheet
Alma , Please invite Lindy Donoho to this meeting . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , I just wanted to let you know that I have been playing telephone tag with a couple of the Questar folks . For the most part , they were out of the office several days during the last two weeks ( of course I was out of pocket a couple days , too ) .  I've left another message with Gary Schmitt , who apparently is out of town yesterday and today , but I did hear from Mary Kay Olson , who was also in our office when Gary came in several weeks ago . Mary Kay is tracking down the status of the Western Leg information that Kevin requested . I also let her know that we are interested in the Eastern Leg as well . She will begin pulling that information together , too . I expect to hear from her either later today or tomorrow with a status and timing of the data . She will also connect up with Gary when she sees him . I will keep you posted as I hear more information . Also , Jodi Starley ( who is also in the Questar Marketing department) , is looking for me to begin the Interconnect Agreement for the San Juan Hub connect with Southern Trails .  Do you have a problem if I begin the paperwork , however , I have several other Interconnect Agreements that are higher priority at this time and it may take a while to get to this one ? I recognize that this is a delicate balance . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , I took 1/2 day vacation on Friday , July 20 . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Does this mean that we are no longer limited on the volume that we previously were limited to on PNM ? I'm very glad that this passed . Thank you for your help ! Kim .
Greg and Maria , FYI . Here is a report for the July Capacity Releases on TW . PG&E , Sempra and Texaco all released on an Index to Index spread and are above max rate . Elizabeth has the history of TW Capacity Releases if you think it might help in the preparation of our strategy for negotiated rates . Thanks , Kim .
Ramona , Gosh , something always seems to come up every year that we want to make a change to our existing systems . Lindy will be back tomorrow and I will discuss this with her . We are evaluating how we currently administer and market pools . If we decide to make a change I suspect that it may require a system change , but it is too early to make a decision just yet . I also think that we should think about how to link EOL transactions through the entire contracting process . I know that NNG is probably a little further on this than we are , but it is reasonable to think we should have this ready for us next year . I will continue to ponder this and discuss this with Lindy upon her return tomorrow . Thanks , Kim .
Michelle , Was this the company you just took derivatives class from ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Vince , I'm so glad that you can recommend him for our commercial job . He has some skill sets that our department is shy on . In fact , I am bringing him back for my boss , Steve Harris , to interview . I too , think that he would be a good fit . By the way , Krishna and Seksan have been very helpful in coordinating some technical analysis of California prices . We appreciate the support and certainly enjoy working with your group . Perhaps you , Krishna and I can book a lunch together in mid to late August and catch up on the business issues . Thanks , Kim .
Hi Kirk , I got your "out of the office" message the other day when I emailed you , so I knew you would be busy when you got back in the office . My schedule is a little hectic tomorrow , my afternoon looks a little better than the morning . Next week looks wide open . Would you mind waiting until next week ? I just want to make sure we are not holding you up . Let me know your preference . By the way , how did your testimony go on Big Sandy ? Thanks , Kim .
Here it is . K .
Great , Thanks ! Kim . Shirley , please keep me posted on Krishna's new baby . Thanks , K .
Kirk , How about talking at 10:30am CST on Friday , August 10 ? My day is pretty flexible , so if another time works better for you , please let me know . Thanks , Kim .
Elizabeth , Please read below . Can you help us put together a summary of the TW Capacity Releases from Nov . 00 to Aug . 01 ? We are in the process of putting our strategy together on our Neg . Rate hearing . Is it possible to assemble this soon ? Please give me a call if you would like to discuss . Many thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Lindy , can you respond to this ? Many thanks , Kim .
Steve , We are still confirming whether or not TW has had other I to I deals negotiated in the past . So far , TK , Lorraine and Michelle don't think that we have any , but I will talk to Lindy tomorrow . Here are some NNG I to I neg . rates that have been approved during the past year . I will keep you posted . Kim .
By the way , I don't think I finished my thought when we were talking about this earlier today . Yes , you are correct that PNR revenue was only $1,200 in July . Due to higher swings in the SoCal window causing higher line pack , parks were not made available most of the month . TK continues to challenge our ability to accomodate PNR's . The Daily Balancing Report is helping us to recognize opportunities for this service . Thanks , Kim .
Lou--while you were on the lake.. . Thanks , Kim .
Can you help with this ? Per my conversation with you earlier today . Thanks , Kim .
More unsubscribed capacity reporting... . Thanks , Kim .
Not sure how this impacts us . FYI , K .
Bullets , please . Thanks , K .
I've got it booked . I'll give you a call . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Shirley , Let's book Tuesday , Aug . 28 . Thanks , Kim .
Glen , Can you help interpret this impact of this decision on California customers for us ? Since we are looking at the Southern Trails system again , is this really good for them ? Exactly what is the rate the peaking customer would be charged ? Many thanks , Kim .
Audrey , here they are . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , FYI . Kim .
Lindy , Just in case you could not see the Word.doc . K .
Drew , If TW cannot sell all of the Mavrix capacity within 60 days , then will TW then take the financial risk after this time and not hold Mavrix responsible for the difference ? This may be OK as we may wish to re-sell the capacity in different packages of time . KW .
Hey Kevin , Thanks for the message . In fact , I talked with Glenn Hass about this earlier today . I also talked to Questar about this today as well . Gary Schmitt was somewhat optimistic , but he had not seen the full order yet so he was still reserved . I'll keep you posted . Thanks , Kim .
Thanks , Audrey ! Kim .
Thanks Lindy . Have a good time in sunny California ! K .
Larry , Please take a look at this spreadsheet . I welcome and encourage any and all comments you may have on this . Please feel free to make changes my wording as well as the spreadsheet itself . As we move this forward , I will want to attach a current version of your NYMEX Technical Update . Many , many thanks for all of your help and support on this matter ! Kim .
Glen , Interesting reading from one of our customers . Kim .
Glen , This is very interesting reading . Please read this ( sorry , it's kind of long ) and let me know if it meshes with what you think is happening in California . Thanks , Kim .
Larry , here is draft #2 . Again , many thanks ! K .
Lorraine , When you get back in the office , let's talk about the new interest to connect into the SJ Hub . I , too , have a few customers who are interested in connecting into the Hub . We should generally discuss this from a big picture perspective so we can understand the total limitations of the Hub and lay out our strategy for moving forward . Also , FYI , in your EDG comment below , our pipeline profile has all the lat/long locations specified if that helps identify the locations best for power plant sites . Thanks , Kim .
Jean , all is correct except that Steve Harris should get two flat screens instead of Michelle and me getting a third panel . However , I did want to mention to you that I would like for Michelle to have a third flat screen since she handles all of our EOL transactions thereby giving her a screen for Dashboard/Pipeline Profile , Outlook and EOL . Is there an extra one around for her ? Many thanks , Kim
FYI , Kim .
I do not believe that I am familiar with this company . Kim .
Jo , Here is a copy of the open season that is being posted late today for a TW expansion from San Juan to Phoenix and California . Please mention it in the morning meeting tomorrow since we are off campus in a strategy meeting , and we will walk through it with everyone in the Friday morning meeting . Thanks , Kim .
Thank you , Audrey . By the way , the marketing team is off campus tomorrow in a strategy session with Facility Planning . Call me on the cell phone if you need me or anyone else on the team . ( 713 416 5059) . Thanks , Kim .
Jerry , Unfortunately , our marketing department is off campus tomorrow with are Facility Planning group and will be unable to attend . We will catch you next month . Thanks , Kim .
Kay , Thanks for the update . Actually , I did not realize that Jeff's computer had Prophet X on it . I would like to get together with you in the next few days and discuss the software package with you . We may indeed wish to keep a user on it but I would like to understand it better . I'm out of the office tomorrow , but will be back in on Thursday . Thanks , Kim .
Paul , Just in case we need bigger translations , see below . Thanks , Kim .
Thank you , Randy . Kim .
Lee and Denise , FYI , Kim .
Steve , FYI . Kim .
Thanks for the future dates . I'll try not to schedule any more conflicts with this time..... . :>) . Kim .
I'll will try to have them by 4:00pm . Thanks , Kim .
You bet ! Can we meet at 11:20 or 11:30 ? I would like to be back for a 1:00 pm meeting . Have you been to Daily Review Cafe lately ? It is just outside of Downtown off of Dallas St . I would be happy to drive . Thanks , Kim .
How about we meet you at the Met . Lindy and I will be in the 3AC until lunch . Meet you there at 11:30 . Thanks , Kim .
Amy , Thank you so much for sending these to me . They are very useful . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , an update from the CEC on the infrastructure issues . Kim .
Here they are . Thanks , Kim .
Thank you , Randy . Lee did find someone to translate the last few lines . Thank your for your assistance . Thanks , Kim .
John and Sean , Attached , please find the Transwestern Sun Devil Open Season Document . Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions . John , it was great talking with you again . Thanks , Kim Watson
FYI , I think this was originally sent to me from Paul . It looks like it is a 13 hr . drive from Palermo to Florence . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
you bet ! How about Wed . August 15 ? Kim .
5,000 for Cal 02 hedged at $3.46 . Kim . ( Theresa executed for us )
Sorry , my earlier email message to you failed and returned to me . We transacted 5,000 EP Permian at $3.46 for Cal 02 . Kim .
Kirk , Here is the open season document on our Sun Devil Expansion Project . Have a great weekend ! Kim .
I think she is on vacation most of next week . Is it possible to talk with Julie or the other assistants to figure out the costs just to have a ball park place holder until Linda comes back ? Thanks , Kim .
Jean , This does not look cool . Who should I report this to ? How did these people get my email address ? Thanks , Kim .
I think so , but how can I tell ?
Dan , Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Project information . Please review and give me a call at your convience to discuss . We also have some space left from our Red Rock Expansion that we can discuss as well . Thank you for your interest and I look forward to working with you . Kim Watson
Audrey , Would you please send 3 maps to: 7241 Sanderling Court Carlsbad , CA 92009 Also , for our records , his phone number is 760 918 0001 , fax 760 918 0003 and his email ketchekl@bp.com Thanks , Kim
We are tracking this one down . I'll keep you posted . Kim .
Steve , Do you want Audrey to have one or two flat screens on her desk ? Kim .
Thank you ! Kim . :> )
Amy , Here is the Open Season Document on our Sun Devil Expansion . Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim .
I've got it ! Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Here is our list from the strategy meeting . Thanks , Kim .
Are we getting a portion of the 49C2 conference video ? We are getting something from one of the video rooms . any ideas ? Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , I will be travelling to Farmington and Artesia on this day . I will just catch up with you along the road . Thanks , Kim .
Dave , May I ask you to take a look at this spreadsheet , please ? Steve and I are hoping to connect up with Danny tomorrow afternoon and discuss both our fuel strategy and our Index to Index Deal strategy . I have put together some numbers on the I to I deals , but I would like to discuss them with you to make sure I am not missing anything . Although Larry Pavlou is on vacation tomorrow , he will be conferenced into our meeting . You are also welcome to join our meeting if you are available . I believe that we are meeting at 1:30 tomorrow afternoon .
Janell , FYI , John and I emailed the Hotel Mozart in Rome for availability . I'll let you know if I hear something . Have a great day ! K .
Stephanie , Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Package . Please review and forward on to those in your group who may have an interest . We would be happy to discuss this expansion opportunity with you at your convenience . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , I have been in the office the whole pay period . Thanks , Kim .
Lorraine , Do we need to put this in the 2002 Capital Budget ? Kim .
Audrey , you are so kind . Thank you for driving this for me ! K .
Larry , here they are . Also , have your technical analysis handy . Thanks , K .
Here is the Sun Devil Open Season Expansion Project . Take a look and I'll give you a call late this afternoon to discuss . Have a great day . Thanks , Kim .
I think this date looks good . K .
Martha , What is this ? I thought Bobby was permanent many months ago ? What did I miss ? K .
Tiny , Jeff and Mansoor , Please see the schedule for our meeting with Questar on Tuesday . Mansoor and I will be arriving into Farmington from Albuquerque at 12:40 . We can meet you guys at the Williams plant site near the 1:00 timeframe . Jeff , I apologize that I have not spoken with you yet about a possible interconnect with Southern Trails , I will try to call you tomorrow so we can discuss . If you schedule permits , I would very much like for you to attend this meeting with us . Many thanks , Kim Watson
Steve , FYI , I am still interviewing candidates . Fran is actually trying to set up about 7 interviews for me . I will keep you posted . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , Here are our bullets for the week . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , I will be able to attend . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , FYI , on Larry's NYMEX update . Kim .
J , you are too funny ! I am always entertained by the wonderful way in which you express yourself in these emails . You make me laugh . ILY , HA ! K .
Pilar and Martha , I am sorry I will be unable to attend . I do not return to town until Wed . evening . Thanks , Kim .
John , I will be travelling on Wednesday with Mansoor to see Questar and Agave and will not be in the office to attend this meeting . I would like to ask Lorraine Lindberg to be involved in this meeting in my absence . Lorraine , would you be available to attend this meeting for our team regarding capacity on the mainline ? Thanks , Kim .
Susan , thank you for the invite , but I will be travelling on Wednesday and will not be able to attend . Thanks , Kim .
Morgan , I am on the road on Tues and Wed back on Thursday . I would love to see everyone's handy work if people can wait that long . Otherwise , can you keep it in your office until I return ? Thanks , Kim .
Miranda , Will it be possible to reschedule my time for this training ? I just learned that I will be out of town on Wednesday . Do you have any time next week available ? I am sorry for any inconvenience this may cause . Thank you , Kim Watson .
Jean , Another fraud.....Thanks , Kim .
Jan , Thank you for keeping this up to date ! Kim .
Yes , I will need everyone's passport for possible reservations on a ferry . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , Here are my bullets for the week . Michelle may have one more bullet to add to the Current Week Activity section if she closes her deal for September with Burlington . Thanks , I'll give you a call somewhere along the road . Kim
Rich , Thank you for keeping us in the loop on this unit . Kim .
Audrey , I added one more bullet from the earlier version I sent you . Please work from this one . Michelle , please fill in the appropriate volume amount for the volume affected on the Gallup compressor outtage . Also , per my voicemail to you , please check with Palu on the highlighted blue bullets to confirm that your two bullets are not already included in the numbers that Jan gave me on her bullet . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , email from home works differently than the office . I hope this attaches this time . Sorry . Thanks , Kim .
I got it....Kim Watson
I have a tentative Spires Board meeting . I should know in the next week or so if that is a firm date . If it is not , then I would love to be at Perry's with you .
I probably prefer the 3 or 17 . Let's get the rest of our invites together this weekend . ILY , K .
Steve , Darrell informed Burlington late on Friday that we will have an unplanned outage next week for two days . We will talk with their commercial folks on Monday morning to make sure that they are in the loop . We anticipate that we can be back online by September business so Burlington can proceed ahead with their September business as usual . We will also talk with the other SJ players to help fill the gap so that we can maintain 800,000MMBtu/d down the lateral while Burlington is down . Thanks , Kim .
I love this report . How often will you send this out ? Thanks , Kim .
Jan , FYI , on remaining outages for 2001 . Thanks , Kim .
What do I need to do with this ? Should we be talking to our customers ? Are we all in agreement as to our position ? I just want to make sure that I'm not letting anything slip through the crack . Thanks , Kim .
How was this meeting ? Any additional capacity identified ? Thanks , Kim .
Michelle , Did everything get paid ? Is all resolved ? Thanks , Kim .
I was informed by Lone Star that they have not completed their transaction with Sid Richardson and they will continue to take deliveries from TW until further notice . ( I suspect that they may not sell this asset , after all. ) Assume no sale for now , I will keep you posted if anything changes . Thanks , Kim .
Dan , I do not understand what this message means . Please advise . Kim .
Michelle , Any luck helping Debbie with this ? Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , one more name in addition to the ones I've already given you... . please add Elizabeth Brown on the invite list . Thanks , Kim .
Tiny , Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to come to Houston to attend this . TW is assured the best success when all key departments are part of the strategy . I have always appreciated your input and your enthusiasm for success . Thanks , Kim .
I would like to attend the 10/31 session . Will the training be in the morning ? Thanks , Kim .
Mary , I got your voicemail last week . I am so glad you guys had a great time . John and I leave for Italy at the end of the month for two weeks . I am very ready........Will you be coming to Houston this fall ? Thanks , Kim .
Steve and Dave , As a follow up from our meeting on August 16 , we all had the question about what , if any , price risk we had on the fuel portion of the Index to Index deals . Here are my thoughts.. . For purposes of this discussion , let's just talk about how the Dynegy , San Juan to SoCal Needles firm transport for 35,000 MMBtu/d for Calendar 2003 could impact our fuel risk . Dynegy will not be giving us fuel in-kind for this transaction . All fuel needed for scheduled volumes on this contract will have to be provided by TW . In a normal year TW over collects approximately 25,000 MMBtu/d in fuel . Because we will now need some of this over collected amount to provide the fuel for the Dynegy deal , we actually have something less than the 25,000 MMBtu/d for the total 2003 fuel over collection . To make the math easy to follow for purposes of discussion , let's assume after all of the Index to Index deals for 2003 , we will only have 20,000 MMBtu/d of over collected fuel on the system . We will need the remaining 5,000 MMBtu/d as fuel for the Index to Index deals . Let's also assume that we have hedged or plan to hedge ( by means of the whole calendar year , seasonally or monthly ) the 20,000 MMBtu/d of 2003 over collected fuel . The remaining 5,000 MMBtu/d of over collected unhedged fuel is what will be used to provide the fuel for the Dynegy deal . It is my thought that the price risk question surrounds the 5,000 MMBtu/d of the remaining over collected fuel that is not hedged . On any day where Dynegy would schedule the full 35,000 MMBtu/d to flow , the fuel actually burned on that day for Dynegy would have the same value as all other shippers who provided in-kind fuel on that same day . The other shipper's in-kind fuel ( I'm referring to the 5,000 MMBtu/d that is not hedged ) is what is actually used to provide fuel for Dynegy . On this particular day , we do not have additional adverse price risk . However , on any day that Dynegy does not have the full 35,000 MMBtu/d scheduled to flow , we have an opportunity loss on the value of this fuel . If Dynegy does not flow all or any volumes on their contract on any given day , there is no fuel burned . This means that we now have extra gas , that was not previously hedged , in the pipe provided by the other in-kind shippers that we do not need for Dynegy on this particular day . Now we are subject to selling this extra gas at current cash prices verses having the ability to hedge this volume ahead of time at a price that we felt meet our fuel hedging strategy , thus creating an opportunity loss . Would you agree that our risk is when Dynegy does not flow ? Would you agree that there is no additional price risk when Dynegy does flow ? Thanks , Kim .
Rich , Can you help us in defining how we can participate in the Laguna festival ? Steve , TK and I are available to participate on Tuesday , Sept . 18 . We would have to be able to leave Albuquerque around the noon hour on Wednesday , Sept . 19 . Thanks , Kim .
pricing are falling more.....Cal 02 is now $3.27 . EOL still does not have Perm Basis posted for Cal 02 , but we suspect that it is in the $.11-.14 range . FYI .
Yikes , another message . Thanks , Kim .
Hey guys and girls , Janell has a Sheraton on the outskirts of town booked on the front end of the trip . I sent 17 faxes this morning to hotels in the city center looking for something closer to our sights . I received an immediate response from the Hotel Condotti . They have 3 standard rooms available . I believe it is a 3+ star hotel ( I'm guessing from the prices they charge) . From the article in my book , they have recently remodeled . They are located near our Hotel Firenze between the Spanish Steps and Plaza Del Popolo . The rate is 430,000 Lire ( approximately $215) . It's $25 more than the Sheraton but we won't have to taxi between the city center and the outskirts of town which gives us more flexibility to easily scoot back to the hotel as we fade with jetlag and eat dinner in town after a nap . They also have a 72 hour cancellation policy ( there could be a slight fee to cancel , their fax just says they have a 72 hour cancellation fee) , if we are OK , I'll confirm this cancellation with our reservation . I think we should go with this . I'm not sure how fast I'll hear from the others , if at all . Please let me know your thoughts ASAP . Thanks , Kim .
11:30 in the lobby sounds fine . I would be happy to drive . Thanks , Kim .
Yes , I will be there . Thanks , Kim .
John , I will be able to make the Thursday meeting . I will be out of the office on Friday afternoon . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , FYI , prices this morning are still hanging in the $3.10-3.13 range for Permian Cal 02 . We are watching it closely . I'll keep you posted if it starts to rally back up . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , We have a contract extension for Sempra , 30,000/d from La Plata to I/B Link extending it from 12/31/01 to 12/31/02 . Max rate . Standard language . I would like to approve this contract in your absence . Legal and Regulatory have already approved . Thanks , Kim .
Rich , My fax number is 713 646-4095 . Thanks , Kim Will you be there , also ?
I will approve Sempra deal . Danny is out of the office today , but he will be in tomorrow . I'll still keep you posted on prices if they begin to move . Thanks , Kim .
Here is a previous email from the travel agency regarding car and ferry info . I have asked Dee to book the overnight ferry from Palermo to Naples . I believe that we still have a 6 hour drive to Lucca , but that will put us there sooner than the overnight ferry to Livorno with a 2 hour drive . She is also confirming the car and rate for us ( approx $742 for each car) . FYI , I have received a few more faxes from available Rome Hotels , but none of them have a better location that what we have booked and a few of them were even more expensive than what we have booked . Janell is on the hunt for a Florence hotel . I will prepare faxes in mass for Florence tonight and send them out tomorrow . Dorothy called me yesterday and wanted to know how our plans are coming . She and Tom are very sad that they will not be able to join us . I told her we will drink for them everyday and have them in our thoughts . She is doing well and hopes to return to the office in about three weeks on a part time basis . Also , John and I are confirmed in a Rome hotel for the 11th-13th which is only about 5 blocks from the train station where we will return the cars . We can put everyone's luggage in our room when we return to Rome and have a nice dinner before you guys taxi to the airport to return home . I will keep you posted as we hear more . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , James ran numbers . $.22 for 10 yr . for 43,300/d is a DCF of 16.57% with no resubscriptions . This looks better than any of the 5 year cases on either a 120/d case or 150/d case . Thoughts ? We have not approached Duke with a 10 yr term yet . Thanks , Kim and Michelle
Audrey , Would you please set up a meeting for me on Wednesday ( tomorrow ) to discuss the Griffith plant and some of the problems we have been having lately with respect to TW's responsibilities , EAMR's responsibilities and Trigon's responsibilities . ( Please share this meeting purpose in the email notice of this meeting. ) We would like to meet from 3:00 to 4:00 pm , we need a conference room in Houston with the ability to conference in several other locations . In addition to the names below , please include Don Hawkins , Sarabeth Smith , Donna Scott , Dennis Alters , Darrell Schoolcraft and me . Many thanks , Kim :> )
Are you online ? MSN shows you not logged in . BTW , my car is ready . I will pick it up tonight . It was the starter . $550 ( includes a new battery) . PS . I will keep you posted on the ferry poll . I still vote for arriving in Lucca earlier in the day , only because if we don't arrive untill evening , then we will spend the whole next day in Lucca instead of getting to Florence . I'm trying to keep us ( you and me ) whole for 2 - 2.5 shopping days in Florence before heading to Rome .
Do you have a problem if I call Duke tonight to initiate a 10 year discussion ?
I talked with Russ . I told him if he wanted a 5 year , we needed $.26 . We could consider going a little lower if he extended his term to 10 years....I told him we really need $.24 to make it work for 10 . He will run the numbers and call me in the morning . Kim .
Jo , here is the message on the EPNG Marketing Affiliate case . Thanks , Kim .
Great , would you reply that we may need up to six chairs , but we will know the exact count within the next week . Also , ask her about a table cloth to see if we can borrow it . Thanks , Kim .
I will ask Audrey to coordinate our calendars for marketing . We will let you know . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Hey guys , We got our first response to a Florence Hotel . Please read this message and take a look at the attached links to their hotel website to get a feel for the location . Janell and I think that it is close enough to the city center , but we are open to fresh eyes . Let me know your thoughts . I sent about 12 faxes this morning , this is the first to respond . Janell has personally called about 8 hotels in Florence and they have all been fully booked . Let me know what you think . Thanks , Kim .
9:00 works best for me . I can swirl other stuff for 10:00 , I would not be able to do 11:00 . Thanks , Kim .
Another response . I think it is further away than Hotel City ? Can anyone look at a map and tell us ? It's crazy at the office today and I won't have time . Thanks , Kim .
10 yr . deal not looking good . I have a call into Russ about taking some of the resubscrip space that starts 6/03 .
FYI , on resubscription space , if we sell 2,000 6/03 and incr.to a total of 7,000 4/04 thru 5/31/07 at $.22 , to keep a 15% DCF we have to sell the 43,300 at $.218 .
Paul , I think this bounced back to me . Sorry . Kim .
Darell , this works fine for me . Where do yo want the Houston folks to go ? Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , please review . It looks OK to me . Do you have any more suggestions ? Thanks , Kim .
Jerry , you can remove me from your distribution of NNG only outage reports . Thanks for all of your help and coordination on the TW outages . Kim .
Jan , do you want to be on this distribution list ? Please let Craig know if you do . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , I took 1/2 day on 8/17 and I'm taking 1/2 day on 8/31 . Thanks , Kim .
Donna , would you please check this distribution list and let me know if you think we might have accidentally omitted someone that should have received an invite ? I don't want to leave anyone out that should come . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , I think I know the schedule for the Laguna Festival . Let's get together tomorrow and discuss . Also , I will need airline tickets to San Antonio for late next week . Thanks , Kim .
I'm sorry to keep changing my mind , but I would now like to attend the 10/17 class . Fran informed me of another Leadership training class that is on 10/31-11/02 that I would like to be able to attend . Many thanks for your patience . Kim .
Robbin , Please forgive me for not sending this in by Aug . 15 . I've been caught up in several heavy projects and forgot to put it all together . I have all my info in a big envelope and I will get it sorted in an organized fashion and get it to you in the next few days . If this is a problem , please let me know . I would be happy to discuss this with you . Again , I apologize for the delay . Many thanks , Kim .
Mark , Here is the Sun Devil Expansion Open Season Document . Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim Watson
Fran , can you sign me up for the Leadership Training on 10/31-11/02 ? Thanks , Kim .
John , where are we meeting for the DRA meeting tomorrow morning at 9:00am ? Thanks , Kim .
I got it . I'll send it through . Have a good day . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , can you attend this for me ? Thanks , Kim .
Steve , I will be attending this meeting . You are welcome to join in on the call if you like . Thanks , Kim .
Thank you for helping me to swirl these dates . Kim .
Hey Italian Team , We are booked for Florence ! Please keep this for your file . Thanks , Kim .
Michelle , Do I need to fill out a deal sheet for this ? Please advise . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , would you send an invite to Brad Holmes and Teb Lokey ? Thanks , Kim . Sorry , I tried hard to make sure we didn't leave anyone off .
Audrey , Here are the bullets for this week . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy will attend for our group . Thanks , Kim .
I owe you lunch...Thanks , Kim .
I saw you log in , but I don't see you on MSN . I , too , am still at the office . What a day ! K .
Have you guys heard anything about shippers wanting gas at this point ? Let me know . Thanks , Kim .
Steve- Eric is meeting with KinderMorgan & Calpine today @ 1:45 to discuss possible merging of projects...do you want me to go in your place ? Eric just happened to mention this meeting to me . Call me . X33098 .
Thank you for setting this up . Kim .
Lisa , Sorry for the delay in responding , could you please send me her resume again ? Thanks , Kim .
Please plan to meet on Wed . ( see below ) to discuss the Deal Profitability Analysis with Kim Kouri . Thanks , Kim . PS . Sean , please forward this to Richard . For some reason , I could not find him in the email directory . Thanks .
Hey guys , Since I am out of the office tomorrow , here is the beginning of the bullets . I need to you add your weekly bullets to this list . Please coordinate with each other before you send them to Audrey ( by 10:00am , please) . Please file save the final version on the shared drive under my folder . All of the previous weeks bullets are in the folder by date order .
Steve , FYI , Kim .
twist....Lee Ferrell just left Enron last week . He now works for Reliant . I still want to invite him , it may take a day or two to track down his new phone number or email . I will keep you posted .
Hi TK , We are still on target for a shipper meeting on Nov . 8 with the Market Services Goup , I would like to have our map updated so that we can hand it out at the meeting . Let's visit about this sometime today or tomorrw . I also want to get the NNG people involved to update their portion as well . Thanks , Kim .
no , not yet ? Who has it ? K .
Jean , can you help me ? My cell phone was stolen from my briefcase sometime this afternoon . I also received this message that the recipient below in not known....I do not know who this person is or what/why is was returned to me , so now I am worried that someone was at my computer doing something before the screensaver came on . Can you help me do some detective work here ? Thanks , Kim .
Thank you Linda ! Kim
FYI , Kim .
J , does the $20,000 include the cost of the video ? K .
Lisa , FYI--Sean , Richard and I may come down and interview Anne together at 4:00pm . Thanks , Kim .
Steven M . Harris , VP Transwestern Commercial ( 713 ) 853-1796 Kim Watson , Director Transwestern Commercial ( 713 ) 853-3098 Lorraine Lindberg , Account Executive ( 713 ) 853-5403 Michelle Lokay , Account Director ( 713 ) 345-7932 All of us office at 1400 Smith , Houston TX 77002 or P.O . Box 1188 , Houston , TX 77251-1188 If you need anything else , just let us know . Thanks , Kim Watson .
Are you referring to the Dynegy deal in December being the "I to I" deal that we have already hedged ? Have you already included the previous "I to I" deals that you have done earlier in the year ? Outside of these deals , I am not aware of any others . Thanks , Kim
Steve , the meeting on Questar will take place immediately after our 3CE/Plan meeting tomorrow . I have also asked James C . to attend . Kim .
Jennifer , I am flying Monday evening . I will check on my flight time and will call in if I can . What is the phone number to this conference room ? Thanks , Kim .
Mark , FYI on the outage meeting Thursday . Kim .
Steve , FYI , another step forward for opportunities to resolve imbalances....Kim .
Hi Ed , Gosh , I am so sorry we have not connected yet . I have been on a fast run . How early in the morning do you come in ? Do I need to be at my desk ? How late in the evening are you in ? I will make time for you . Thanks for your persistence . Kim .
David , Per your request , the two people listed below are the senior management team of ENA that you could call to discuss your situation: Louise Kitchen , COO ( 713 ) 853-3488 John Lavorato , President and CEO ( 713 ) 853-7991 Have a good day . Kim .
Kim Watson Director
Here they are . Thanks for your help today ! Kim .
Hi Dan ! I am glad that your family is well . My heart is so heavy with the tragedy of the WTC . I cannot fully comprehend the enormity of it all . I will be glad to bring the tape in . I am actually going to be in the office late Sunday afternoon to begin packing my desk . We are temporarily moving to the 13th floor mid next week while they reconstruct our floor . I will have the tape on my desk in an envelope with your name on it , too . Also , I have a little book that you lent me with nice verses . I will bring it as well . Thanks and take care . Kim .
FYI , If you are available , I would like for you all to attend . Thanks , Kim .
Richard , Would you please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to this distribution list . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , per our meeting with Ben and Kim , here is the access to the Deal Profitibility system . The dashboard just went down , I'm trying to verify that we still have access via the dashboard . Kim .
Susan , I just wanted to follow up with you that everyone in Eric's group ( plus Steve Dowd ) have a place to land when we move . I have not seen the area that you guys are supposed to move and I just want to make sure that no one falls through the crack . Are you satisfied that you have spaces for all ? Thanks , Kim .
Steve , here is the Pemex draft . Kim .
Dave , here is a draft letter to send to Pemex . Please give me your thoughts or changes and we'll get this out today . Thanks , Kim .
Hi Pam and Donna , I am not certain that Susan has been made aware of where and which spaces have been allocated to her ( Eric Gadd's group ) with respect to the move . In effort to make sure that no one falls through the crack , would you please coordinate with Susan as to which floor and specifically which cubical/office locations she can slot her people in . Susan will also coordinate Steve Dowd with the rest of Eric's group in the move so we need to keep a space for him . Susan , Please let me know when you have accounted for everyone in Eric's group ( plus Steve Dowd ) for the move and have the location assignment . The goal for all is that everyone will have a chair when the music stops . :> ) Thanks to all for your help ! Kim .
Michelle , please put another packet together on Southern Trails for Mike McGowan . Some of the pieces may have to be faxed/mailed if you don't have them electronically . Mike , please feel free to call either of us to walk you through the packet and if you need more detail we can send that to you also . Thanks , Kim .
Sue , Have you talked to your mom since last week ? I would like to visit with her by phone or email about what her views/opinions are of the local viewpoints of the WTC tragedy . May I have her phone number and email address again ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Hi Ken , Would you please add Paul Y'Barbo on this distribution list . Paul is one of our new marketing reps and will be involved with our risk management strategies including our fuel positions and how it relates to this report . Thanks , Kim .
Mark and Paul , It would be good to set up a time to demo this model . In fact , I would like to attend with you , since I havn't seen it for almost a year . Thanks , Kim .
Rick , Thanks so much for the lead ! In fact the timing is very good since we are trying to determine a viable scope of the Sun Devil expansion . Lorraine , would you please give Rick Padia a call and see if there is a fit for us to service his area . Maybe they can form a coalition of all the land owners for the White Cliffs Area ? Also , please keep Rick Smith posted of our conversations with this possible new customer(s) . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , Done . Michelle sent it out this morning . We will follow up with Mike to make sure he understands how the numbers were derived . Kim .
see map---K .
Jo , I actually mentioned this in our TW staff meeting with Steve yesterday about using the OBA's to balance this point for November service if the interconnect was not ready . We could carve out a few minutes after one of the morning meetings to discuss this with Market Services - both TW and NNG representatives to work out the details for their shop . FYI , Michelle is working with Burlington to deliver gas to NNG@Gray on their firm contract as well as discussions with Oneok to deliver gas to TW@Gray . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , Count me in the office during this time period . Thanks , Kim .
Mike , Jorge sent these changes to me , but I thought you might want to take the lead on these possible changes since it is a NNG IT contract . If you don't mind , just keep me posted on what you finally decide . Many thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Mr . Craig , Would you please add Mark and Paul to this distribution list . Many thanks , Kim .
Kent , FYI in case you did not see my note from yesterday . Thanks , Kim .
Steve or Drew , Please advise on what to do with the Mavrix phone since we will be moving to the 13th floor on Friday . Thanks , Kim .
FYI on the RED PHONE ( Mavrix ) in Eric's office on 41 . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
David Lanning's email address is dlanning@ypcnm.com Kim .
I will be there ! Thanks , Kim .
Please review the attached agreement for the Big Sandy Interconnect . It is very standard . It is reimbursable . It has a few blanks that have to be filled in for certain dates that we ( or Caithness ) don't know just at this time with respect to receiving regulatory approval , in-service date , etc . Caithness wants this agreement for their prospective equity partners to review for content . Teb , Lee and Ron , this agreement has not changed since you have last seen it , but I just wanted you to give it one more look . I would like to email to Kirk ( Caithness ) tomorrow afternoon . Thanks , Kim .
Thank you , Julie ! Kim .
What were the offer dates for the Gormet Group ? Didn't we offer all three weekends ? I'm open all three weekends in November , however , we might want to steer clear of the 17 just incase we decide to travel during the week of Thanksgiving . Thanks , Kim .
sounds good . K .
Susan , Thank you , but I will be out of town on Mon and Tues of next week and will not be available to attend . I would recommend that Martha Janousek ( or Bobby Mason ) be aware of this meeting as they might be interested in attending since they are building several other web based tools for us . Thanks , Kim .
Dear Jorge , Per our conversation on this past Monday , here is the letter we talked about . We have an original that will be placed in the mail today . Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions . We look forward to hearing from you soon . Sincerely , Kim .
Jorge , My apologizes , a slight typo in the Trans Pecos name in last paragraph . Here is the revised memo . Thanks , Kim .
Although we expect to receive specific feedback on our July 6 , 2001 proposal to Pemex for the TransPecos Pipeline very soon , we sent the attached letter today to Pemex ( with a copy to Kinder Morgan ) that will withdraw our proposal on October 1 , 2001 if the LOI has not been executed . Kinder Morgan has agreed with the sending of this letter . Pemex has been aware of the contents of this letter since Monday , September 17 . We will keep you posted of our detailed discussions with Pemex as they proceed . Thanks , Kim .
Dave , as you can see I mis-typed your email address on the original sent to Jorge . This letter has a typo in the last para . Please use the revised letter sent as the one to go by . Call if you have questions . Thanks , Kim .
I assume that they will redeposit our miles in the Amex miles account ? Thanks , Kim .
Hi Patrick , This sounds just fine . Shall we call you in your office ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Denise , can you accept these red-lined changes and send back to me ? Many thanks , Kim .
Kirk , Attached , please find the Delivery Point Construction and Operations Agreement . Please feel free to call me if you would like to walk through it . I would be available for you tomorrow to do this if you would like . Just let me know . Thanks , Kim
FYI - I spoke with John Sturn yesterday and he is coordinating the pigging of the SJ lateral to see if the efficiency of the drag reducing agent will increase . He says the pig run will not interrupt scheduled flows on the pipe . If the efficiency of the SJ lateral does not increase from the pig run , then Operations will look to reapply the DRA . Kim .
Ron , would you please give me your thoughts on Kirk's question . Thanks , Kim .
That sounds great . I'll talk with you early next week . Have a great weekend . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , Here are the bullets for this week . Thanks , Kim .
Lorraine , would you please check on this . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , Since the tolerance range is currently on the whole contract on a monthly basis , can we force the daily balancing issue ? Or at least pull the monthly tolerance level down to 1-2% ? Thanks for the note . Kim .
Please let me know if you are available on Tuesday , September 25 to attend a lunch for Palu as an appreciation for her work on TW . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , my info looks good . Thanks , Kim .
I've got an 8:30 meeting at the office . I can do later in the morning or afternoon . Can you take him alone ? K .
Thanks . BTW , I don't show you as logged into MSN messenger . K .
You bet , Jan and Tracey already have it on their calendars .
Thanks , Vince . Kim .
Can everyone meet tomorrow , Tuesday , from 3:00 to 4:30 to distribute customer accounts and projects ? Kim .
Dear Ms . Monica Vespoli , It is with great regret that we will have to cancel our Italian holiday and will not be able to stay in your hotel on 30 September - 04 October for 4 nights . Please cancel the reservations of: John and Kim Watson Dennis and Janell Dye Paul and Judith Donnelly Tom and Dorothy McCoppin Please confirm receipt of this message by reply email ( kimberly.watson@enron.com ) or fax to USA 713-646-2551 . It is our sincere hope that we will be able to reschedule our holiday to Positano in the near future . Thank you for your kindness . Sincerely , Kim Watson phone: USA 713-853-3098
Lee , please review the following offer to Pemex for firm transportation on TW . I would like you to review the language I have inserted and see if you would like to add to it before I send it to Steve to review . I also want a few other people to see it before I send to Pemex . My goal is to get this out tomorrow . Let me know your thoughts . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , I don't see any change to requirements . Do you ? Kim .
Michelle , What is the status of your conversations with PG&E on the possible partnering on joint line in Calif . to serve power plants ? Kim
Yes , I plan to attend . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , here is the cancellation of the Florence Hotel . I hope to hear from the hotel in Positano and Rome ( front end trip only ) today . Dennis , please confirm the cancellation of your front-end Sheraton hotel in Rome . Thanks , Kim .
Do you think that if P & J and the kids went to Guam they would consider leaving Jo Lynn with the kids and come on to Hong Kong and join up with us ? FYI , I still have small reservations about travelling abroad still close to our international situation . Perhaps fear of the unknown . Sitting on the fence . Undecided .
I plan to take Friday off , too . Can we meet on Thursday to discuss ?
Thank you for handling . K .
Jan , Did you see this ? FYI , Kim .
opps , I mis-typed this morning . K .
I hope to be on vacation next week . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , Do you know if this means any changes for us ? Kim .
Hey gang , I just wanted you to know that I sent a fax early this week to cancel our hotel in Positano ( Hotel Marincanto) . I did not receive a confirmation back from them , so I called them this morning . Julio is the gentleman I talked to and he did inform me that the four rooms we had booked are cancelled . I think we are OK , but I would feel better if we had written confirmation of the cancellation . Please watch your credit card charges to ensure that you do not get billed for the hotel . I have received written confirmation from the hotel in Rome ( front end of trip ) and the hotel in Florence of our cancellation . Let's start looking at dates in 2002 to rebook this trip . If one of you has some time , would you check to see if the weather would be better in May or June ? Any thoughts ? Thanks , Kim .
Steve and Teb(for Steve Veach) , Please review the attached work order for the tap and side valve for the new Agave interconnect . Please forward an email message to Robert Geheb giving him your approval on this work order so that he may begin working with the appropriate people to get the materials ordered . We are under a very tight time frame and we don't want to loose anytime . The "paper" will follow to you shortly for signiture , but this email approval will keep the process moving . Also , as soon as we work out the remaining details with Agave on the remaining costs , we will revise the work order to include the items that Agave will be constructing for us as well as provide the economics for the interconnect . This , too , will be routed to you for your approval . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim . ( X33098 )
I don't see you on MSN , but I am on the phone now with Nanci and she is having back problems ( a long story , I'll share later) , but we are going to have to cancel the lake this weekend . I have a 10:00 meeting , so I will have to run soon . I'll call you when I get back . I'm still OK taking off tomorrow and next week . Maybe we stay home this weekend to be with Herschel , and if he is better , then we can take him to my mom's on Mon or Tue and go on to the Hyatt Hill Country next week . Thoughts ?
Lindy , Since I will be gone tomorrow and next week . Would you mind providing this information to Carmen ? I owe you one ! Thanks , Kim .
Well , here is the written confirmation for the cancellation of the Positano Hotel . Please keep for your files . Thanks , Kim .
Mark and Paul , I would be happy to call in with you on your first "on call" weekend if you would like . Mark , your weekend comes up this next weekend , I will plan to call in on Sat and Sun with you . Alma will send you an email with the total list of everyone calling in including the phone number to dial into . Make sure you locate this list prior to the weekend . Remember , call in about 5-7 minutes before 8:00am Sat and Sun . Thanks , Kim .
Here it is . K .
I will be on vacation tomorrow through next week . I would be available pretty much anytime week of Oct . 8 . Thanks , Kim .
James , My name is Kim Watson and I'm thinking that I received this message in error . Please advise . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , this is as of yesterday . Updated from the one I just sent you . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Since I will be out all next week , this is just a reminder email for filling out the questionnaire ( in the mail by Oct . 10 , please ) for my leadership training seminar at the end of the month . Many thanks , Kim .
Thanks for finishing these bullets . Kim .
Audrey , I have a draft of the bullets ready . TK will finish them and forward to you tomorrow morning . She will also coordinate the bullets for next Friday . Thanks , Kim .
I recommend that we don't actually book anything for a while , but let's look at weather and tentatively be thinking of a date . As far as the bombing , that will go on for years . K . By the way , thank you so much for your help today on the terminations of OBA's ! Kim .
I've got it booked ! Mark , please plan to attend with me . Thanks , Kim .
Actually , Audrey might know of some place . If not her , check with Linda Wehring , she knows absolutely everything ! Thanks for all of your help today ! We really appreciate it ! Kim .
I will be on vacation Friday , September 28 . Thanks , Kim .
Coral Amy Gold Two Houston Center her phone number is 713 230-7812
Audrey Robertson , our secry . X35849
Audrey , can you open these documents ? Kim .
Steve , FYI , Kim .
Hi Bod , Would you please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to this distribution list . Many thanks , Kim .
Glen , Please add Paul Y'Barbo and Mark McConnell to your distribution list for marketing . Thanks , Kim .
Hi Jean , Is this order because Lorraine's desk top has been slow and she has not been able to keep the Dashboard and other applications open at the same time ? Also , I would like to inquire with you about ordering two flat screens for Paul . He would like to still keep his laptop computer . Can we accomodate two flat screens with his laptop ? Have you settled down from all the moves ? Where did you and Donna end up ? Will you be with us on 13 ? As always , many , many thanks ! Kim . P.S . The printers all got worked out ? Everybody happy ? :> )
Lindy , I just saw this . Did you know about this meeting ? I hope you were able to attend . Thanks , Kim .
Mark , FYI , Kim .
Mark , thanks for the notice of this meeting . I'm glad you will be attending . FYI , the Aquila folks purchased USGT from Nanci MacKenzie about 18 months ago and I'm not sure how they have incorporated the USGT organization into the Aquila organization . Since you are the new kid , perhaps you can inquire as to the differences in these shops so that you can effectively deal with both organizations . I'm not sure we've ever been clear on this . Please continue to talk about Red Rock with these folks . What would Aquila like to see TW offer ? What are their thoughts about the West markets ? What could TW do to get Aquila to be more active on our pipe ? FYI , I am coming into the office Wed morning . I will be in EB4179 . I need to meet with Martha and pack up this office . I should be in by 9:00 . If your schedule permits , perhaps you and I could meet for a few minutes on Agave before your 10:00 Aquila meeting ? I'll call you when I get in . Thanks , Kim .
Vince , I would like to visit with you about this training . Also , I noticed that you had some of the folks in our shop on the invite list , but not all of them ? Are you available on Monday by phone to visit with me about this training ? I would be available at 2:00pm for half an hour . Let me know if this works for you . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , FYI- a success of collecting one of the Shipper imbalances . Kim .
Mark and Paul , please make sure you are on the distribution list for the articles Lorna Brennan sends out . Too many names for me to look through on this one . Any way , FYI , Kim .
Lindy , any comments ? Thanks , Kim .
Richard , thanks for this message . John and I will also be attending . the Cirque du Soleil is on the TUTS tour and we have season tickets . I will find out when our date is ( usually a Saturday mat. ) and let you know in on the chance that the date may also work for you guys . Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , when and where is the meeting on 10/8 ? Thanks , Kim .
Paul , Tiny(aka David Roensch - who is the Team Leader for the San Juan and West of Thoreau Area ) just sent these to me . FYI . Kim .
Jo , I just opened up this document . Thought you would like to look it over . FYI . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , FYI , Kim .
Tracy , Great job ! We appreciate your persistence in helping to close the gap on these shipper imbalances ! Many thanks , Kim :> )
Kimberly , I'm sorry , I was out of the office last week and did not see this email in time . I think it looks fine . I saw the final version in the ebiz today . Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , Sorry , I did not see this message until after Steve's staff meeting which is from 2:30 to 3:30 every Monday . Do you have some time tomorrow --- I'll catch you up on Caithness . Thanks , Kim .
How about 9:00 am on Tues ? I'll come see you . Thanks , kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Elizabeth , We have two new Marketing Reps in our department , please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to your distribution list . Many thanks , Kim .
J , are you logged in ? MSN shows that you are not online . Do you have the Vet's number handy ? ILY , K .
Lorraine , TK is on her way back into the office if you are still available to meet prior to lunch . Thanks , Kim . By the way , do you log into MSN messenger ? It would be helpful if you would . Let me know if you need help in doing so . Thanks , K .
Lindy , were you able to print this slide ? I could not find it . K .
yes , I got it when I returned . I think the away status just lets you know that I may not reply instantly . K .
Anyone going to Mojave ? K .
FYI , Kim .
Paul , FYI , Kim .
John is for sure out of town , I think I will travel out with him for the weekend , but I have not confirmed it just yet . If I find that I will be in town , I'll let you know . Don't hold anything up for me . Thanks , Kim .
My info looks good . Thanks , Kim .
Great Job ! Kim .
Steve , FYI , Kim .
Mark , here are several examples of "Expressions of Interest" that we could use for Questar . Kim .
Yes , I will be there . I will also bring Paul Y'Barbo . Thanks , Kim .
TK , FYI , Kim .
Deb , I've sent this message on to TK . She is handling this for our group . I'll have her call Vernon . Kim .
Thanks for setting this up . How about the Houston Regulatory group ? Thanks , Kim .
How about Friday about 10:00 ro 10:30 ? Kim .
Do you have open conference rooms on your floor ? If not , we have a great conference room in 1336 that is just for us . Just let me know . Thanks , Kim .
Paul , FYI , Kim .
Hi Kirk , I hope to have the revised contract for you late tonight . Would you like to set up a time that Ron and I can go over it with you by telephone ? How about Monday or Tuesday ? Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , Thanks for keeping up with this . Kim :> )
Lynn , FYI , Kim .
Jerry , I was not able to attend today . Please let us know if there is anything out of the ordinary . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
I'll be there . Thanks , Kim .
Kirk , Would you be available on Tuesday morning for breakfast ? Otherwise , both Ron and I are available anytime in the morning . If you had only afternoon available , I can meet with you . Let me know what works for you . FYI , I am sending the revised agreement to you today so that you have a chance to review it before we meet . Thanks , Kim .
Are you there ? MSN ? FYI , don't forget Herschel's medicine from your refridgerator and his blood pressure meds . Also , I have a manicure appt . tomorrow at noon . The number for Agua Salon is 713 621 6388 if you would like to book one , too .
Steve , Here it is . Kim .
Linda , Thank you for your help ! I miss seeing your smiling face . It's lonely here on the 13th floor . Thanks , Kim .
Kirk , How early are you in on Monday ? I do have two appointments after 5:00 , so Monday evening would be difficult for me , but we may be able to swing the late afternoon . Otherwise , let me know what works for you on Wed or Thurs by phone . Have a safe travel.. . Kim .
Hi Kyle ! I must not have your current office telephone number . Please send it to me . I would like to connect up with you this weekend if you are available . I cleaned all of our closets last week and have the "big load" that I would like to pass on to you for your MANNA collection . How on earth are you ? I am still sad and overwhelmed from the Sept . 11 tragedy . I cannot believe we watched that event unfold like that ! These are certainly interesting times... . Call me or email me , I'd like to visist ! Many thanks , Kim .
Kirk , As per our phone conversation , here is the revised Delivery Point Construction and Operating Agreement . Please let me know if you will have some time on Monday or Tuesday when you are in Houston and Ron and I can review this with you . If we don't connect up in person , then let me know if you would like to book a telephone conference call Wednesday , Thursday or Friday . Have a nice weekend and safe travel to Houston ! Thanks , Kim
Let's discuss this on Monday . Thanks , Kim .
Hi everyone ! Attached , please find the resume of Mark Pickering who is the Chief Technology Officer for Enron Net Works and is the lead candidate for Bruce Stram's replacement on the board . Please take a moment to review his resume as we will discuss his candidacy for the board this evening . Thanks , Kim .
I will meet everyone at Hungry's at 6:30 . Thanks , Kim .
Jack , Do we have another email address for Robert James ? My email to him was undeliverable . Do you know if he will be at the meeting tonight ? Thanks , Kim .
Would you please handle this . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , Looks like we will have to change Steve's 2002 Plan meeting... . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Katie , When I talked to Kyle last week I didn't realize that you are still driving into downtown everyday . I have my trunk loaded with some contributions for MANNA and would like to pass them off to you when it is convenient . What is your schedule during this week ? I could meet you during lunch or at the end of your day any day this week , whatever you prefer . Many thanks , Kim P.S . How was Mickey's birthday parties this weekend ?
John and I had such a big time at your house Saturday evening ! It was so kind of you to open your incredibly spectacular home to us . I just love everything that you have done....it is truly lovely . It was so nice to meet your sisters . I can imagine that your family reunions are just a hoot ! And the food.....well it was awesome . Thanks again . Hope you are feeling better . Kim and John
No problem , it will be nice to visit with him . PS . Does this mean that I will be in the back seat of the convertable ? If so , I'm afraid we will have to ride with the top up .
Audrey , how about moving the meeting to 8:30 ? We will have to leave here by 9:35 or so to get a seat at the employee meeting . Kim .
I agree with you on the Lexus . I'm not sure we should take it out long distance . If Gary doesn't mind , that would be great .
Audrey , I was on vacation Oct . 1-5 . I was here the rest of the pay period . Thanks , Kim
I think that will be fine . K .
Sounds good . K .
Danny is sick at home but has OK letter . Eric wants an offer 10-15MM to insure entry to data room . I'm OK with 10-12 . Kim .
Check this out . K .
Where ?
FYI , I am in training tomorrow , Wednesday , from 8:00 until noon in the 3 Allen Center . I can be reached by my cell phone if you need me . Thanks , Kim .
Why don't we try after work ? Just let me know when you are ready to walk out and I will meet you in the lobby . We can go to your car , drive to mine and then unload . Thank you so much for being the transportation conduit for MANNA . Kim :> )
You bet , come to EB1336 . K .
Did I follow up with you verbally on this ? K .
Many , many thanks ! Kim .
Lorraine , I will be in a meeting during this time . Will you be able to sit in on this and decide if we should participate further for our group ? Thanks , Kim .
Here it is .
FYI , Kim .
Michelle , Will you be able to attend this call for our team ? I am in training tomorrow until noon . Thanks , Kim .
Sorry , believe it or not , I do know better . I was even talking with Lee as it was being faxed so that she could grab it....she was too slow.. . I will mend my ways...sorry to make you crazy ! Kim :> )
Thank you ! Kim . :> )
Jodi , Here is a suggested amendment for our Confidentiality Agreement to allow us to discuss Southern Trails with a potiential partner . Please feel free to give me a call to discuss . Many thanks , Kim .
Thanks for the update ! Kim .
FYI , Kim .
I've already been talking to Michael about being on our due diligence team . We will keep you plugged in as well . Thanks , Kim .
Paul , Thanks for the update . I'm glad that he is off the activity diet and allowed the wheels both big and small . I'm glad your trip to the big city doc was a pleasant one . Pediatric docs are truly a special breed . Thanks , Kim .
Ron , how is your calendar tomorrow ? I probably prefer tomorrow over Monday if possible . Thanks , Kim .
Paul , here is the resume of the gentleman that we will be interviewing tomorrow at 10:30 with Sean and Richard . Thanks , Kim .
It is Friday again . Bullets , Please - by mid morning.... . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , KIm .
Here they are .
Thank you . Kim .
I have it at home or I can get it from Oni . I'll look for it this weekend .
Lindy , would you please look this over . I did not see your name on the distribution list . Thanks , Kim .
Oops , we accidentally left you off this distribution list . Your presence is most desired . We hope you can make it . Thanks , Kim .
Jim , Per my conversation with Bob Guthrie , he ask me to add you to our distribution list for the due diligence team . We hope that you can make it on Monday morning at 10:00am EB 1336 . Thanks , Kim .
Mark , FYI , per a subsequent email from Bob Guthrie (  tax ) he has asked us to include Jim Curry on the due diligence team . I have forwarded this email to Jim Curry . Also , my error , I missed the Reg Affairs group when I gave you the invite list . I have forwarded this email to Teb Lokey and left him a voice mail just incase he doesn't see his email prior to 10:00 am on Monday . Thanks , Kim .
Lorraine , Has this been corrected ? Please keep Jan informed of any invoice changes . Thanks , Kim .
TK , just checking to see if you have heard who may be supplying the supply for this plant ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Lorraine , Have you had any discussion with SWG regarding their Pataya or Red Lake Storage field ? Thanks , Kim .
Lee , Well , I'm not crazy , just dumb not to think about looking at all the emails Denise has sent to me . This is the original language you drafted for me for the Questar amendment . By the way , I did send them the most recent version you send me which in not as verbose as this version . Are we still OK ? Thanks , Kim .
Lorraine , Have you received your new computer yet ? Kim .
Audrey , Sorry for my tardy reply . Here are my top 4 votes: Tues Jan 8 Mon Feb 4 Sat March 16 Thurs April 4 Many thanks , Kim .
Lorraine , Would you please take a look at the attached spreadsheet and determine which power plants may be close to our pipeline . Bill Wood would like us to respond by mid November . Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , Who in legal have you been working with ? Tracy was wondering when we thought we would receive the money . Thanks , Kim .
Jean , FYI , Kim .
Steve , FYI , Kim .
Susan , This meeting for Sun Devil would involve: Lorraine Lindberg Michelle Lokay Mark McConnell Paul Y'Barbo Kim Watson Thanks , Kim . P.S . Wed looks better than Tues for me . Thanks , K .
Susan , also include Steve Harris . Thanks , Kim .
Absolutely ! We will stay in contact with them . K .
Everyone , Looking for a volunteer to market TW to this new power plant so that they will take the supplies off our pipe . Any takers ? Kim .
Start with Renee Bickerstaff . K .
This meeting conflicts with Steve's staff meeting . I will join your meeting in progress . Thanks , Kim .
Have you been attending this or is it just NNG ? Kim
Thanks ! :> )
Thanks for dropping this off . I'll look at it tonight . I like the size of my cube , but not the walls ! Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Steve , FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , KIm .
FYI , Kim .
Will you be having cake to celebrate this incredible event ?
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Lee , FYI , Kim .
Jodi , Here is a list of items we would like to see in the data room . Please give us a call so we can discuss . Thanks for all of your help , Kim
Steve , FYI , Lorraine is having her procedure to have intravenous ( sp? ) antibiotics installed for her sinus problems . She anticipates being out of the office the week of 11/5 to recover . Kim .
Kirk , No problem . We will make ourselves available when you are ready . We are very interested in your progress with the ACC . Good luck and keep us posted ! Thanks , Kim .
Thanks for the reminder . Ask me when we get home . K .
Audrey , this looks good . Just to clairify , we will keep the Albq . car from Monday until Wed . Also , could you confirm a full size car for Roswell since we have a fairly long drive to/from Artesia ? Thanks , Kim .
James , Would you take a look at this and let us know what you think . Thanks , Kim
Paul can transact El Paso Permian Cal 02 @ $3.14 . Are you OK to transact ?
Audrey , here they are . Thanks , Kim .
Bob , Thanks for keeping us posted . We'll see you when you get back from vacation . Kim .
I think you already know this , but we got $3.145 .
Jodi , Here are the people that will be coming to the data room on Monday: Larry Cambell - Environmental Larry Gleffe - ROW Mike Ames - Pipeline Safety Warren Schick - Property Tax Stephen Dowd - Corp Development Mark McConnell - Marketing Kim Watson - Marketing We can coordinate our interviews with you on Monday morning . We look forward to a productive two days with you . Thank you for all of your help . Kim .
Lee , per my phone mail message . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , I will be in Salt Lake City . Thanks , Kim .
I'm sorry , I havn't loaded this yet . Have no fear , I will call you . Many thanks for your persistance ! Kim .
Paula , I am out of town beginning this evening and returning home Tuesday night . Perhaps we can catch up sometime later this week . It looks like Jim wants to transition out soon . Have a great week . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Lindy , I accidentally left you off my earlier distribution to the marketers . FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Lorraine , Here is a start to the Bullets . Thank you for handling this for the team today ! I'll see you Friday afternoon . Kim .
Audrey , Lorraine is providing bullets for the team this week . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , Yikes , I thought you were on eSpeak the following week . I am in Artesia on Tuesday the 6th and won't be able to help you . I'll be sure to submit some questions for you to answer . Sorry , Kim .
potiential bullet material . K .
Mark , I reviewed my files and did not find the Dandby section . I don't believe that I looked in the asset book . Check with Jim Curry - there did seem to be some confusion about the Asset Listing Summary vs . the Asset Listing Detail ( that wasn't in the file ) - maybe it is just miss-filed in their stuff . Kim .
Lindy , I did not see you on this distribution list . FYI , Kim .
Cameron , I'm glad you found the bulletin board . The units are in MMBtu/d , the month should be specified by the column . Thanks , Kim Watson
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Lee accepted our invitation to the Nutcracker for Wed . evening . Kim .
Dear Hattie and Jim , Thank you so much for hosting our dinner group Saturday night . Your home is just lovely and we particularly enjoyed the beautiful china ! It is so nice to share stimulating conversation and great food with wonderful friends . Thank you again for your hospitality ! See you next week . Kim and John .
Lindy , would you like for me to send Michelle to this meeting ? Should you both go ? Let me know what your preference is . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Steve , Was Lorraine able to get you an answer before she left ? I know she had a few calls into Nevada Power . Let me know if you need me to do anything on this in her absence . Kim .
Kevin , What was the offer price from KMI on the Sonoran Pipeline Project ? Kim .
Thank you for the notice . I would appreciate it if you could mail my prize to my office location in the Enron Building . I am located in ECN1346 . Thank you very much , I appreciate the effort you guys took to set up this important website . Kim .
Thanks , I will look forward to this ! Kim .
Paul , I'm am sorry that I will not be able to meet you for lunch today . I have been on the road travelling for the past two weeks and have over 250 emails to catch up on . I do look forward to catching up with you guys on Sunday . Good luck at the dentist . Thanks , Kim .
Here it is . Kim .
I will be there on Monday , 10:30 . Thanks , Kim .
Although I've been out of the office a lot , I've been here for time report purposes . Thanks , Kim .
Are you logged in ? I've lost you in my MSN messenger list . I'm not sure what happened . Are you there ? K .
I will be there on Monday at 10:30 . Thanks , Kim .
Toby , Please post these ROFR's on the EBB . Please call if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , Here they are . Thanks , Kim .
I am indeed logged into MSN . I wonder if ENE zapped MSN for outside people . I'll look into it . K .
Let's visit on what this may mean for TW opportunities for Dec . business . Thanks , Kim .
Sorry , not yet . Thanks for checking on me . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
I'm trying to take next week off . Not sure I can swing Friday yet . I might be able to leave early . I am definitely game for attending . Does it start on Friday and go through Sunday ? ILY , K .
If I can't swing Friday , how about planning on being there at 9:00am ?
Opps , I have my gyn appt on Wed at 2:40 and 3:30 . Can we meet with him on Tues ?
Dennis , Thank you for your kind note . It is amazing how our pets become so much a part of our lives . John has talked me into going to the cat show which happens to be in town this weekend . Of course , we will pay special attention to the Turkish Angora breed . Thanks for your thoughts .
I've got it booked . HAGD , BCDTA , ILY , K .
What are your thoughts on resolving this ? Would it help for you to talk to Pauline ? How can we assist Darrell in this ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI , for the Brian meeting tomorrow . K .
Please keep me posted . I am off next week , but I would like to book lunch with you in the next couple of weeks just to catch up . Twenty-six floors is too far away from you guys . What does your calendar look like . Throw me a couple of dates that may work for you . Thanks ,
I will be there . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Jerry , FYI , Jan and I may be late for this meeting since we are taking her to lunch to celebrate her 20 years of service . If we miss this meeting , may we touch base with you by phone to get any pertinent info on TW . Also , we want a recap on any stories or jokes that you tell ! :>) . Many thanks , Kim .
It is that time of year... . Please complete your list of accomplishments by the end of November . Also , please complete your 2002 Objectives by December 14 . Your objectives will need to outline your specific marketing plan for each customer , project and idea you may have for adding/increasing value to Transwestern in 2002 . As discussed earlier , we will get together in mid-December to review account loads to see if we need to do any shifting . Your 2002 Objectives will be helpful in determining whether your load is heavy , light or just right . I will be happy to visit with each of you individually if you have any questions or would like to discuss these items . :> ) Thanks , Kim .
Mark , This looks fine . Kim .
Paula , I can make myself available this evening or tomorrow evening to discuss this and other topics as your calendar permits . I actually think that we should not be pressured by anyone to fill this position in the next few days . If Jim would like to resign effective the end of the month ( or some other date) , I think that would be fine . It is completely reasonable that the board take some amount of time , whatever is necessary , to select the right candidate . Let me know when you would like to rally . Thanks , Kim . P.S . Paula , congratulations on the new grandbaby ! I hope mom , dad and precious little one are doing well !
I will be on vacation this day , however , I am planning on coming in for the board meeting in the evening . Thanks , Kim .
Jan , FYI , Kim .
Hi Phyllis ! I am so excited to get to see you this weekend ! I sure hope all is well with you . It looks like you and I have been assigned the dinner for Saturday evening . I am open to ideas for recipes ! Let me know when would be a good time to visit on our assignment . I will make time for you anytime . Thanks , Kim . :> )
Mary Kay , What is the usual process on something like this ? Do we get a chance to respond to the protest before the FERC makes a decision on whether to hold a Tech Conf ? What is the timeline for any other protests to come in ? What is the timeline for FERC to decide ? Thanks , Kim .
Sorry , I had a typo in your address below . Here is the message . K .
Jerry , Was there anything for TW that came out of this meeting that we need to be aware of ? Thanks , Kim .
I can be available at 6:30 also . John is on his way back from Austin and I'm not sure of his timing , but I am certainly game . Let me know where and when you would like for me to meet you . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey and Steve , FYI , I have an eye appointment on Thursday at 4:00pm . I will leave about 3:30 . I will have my cell phone if anyone needs me . Thanks , Kim .
Paula , Can I catch a ride with you ? Thanks , Kim .
Yes . I'll be there . K .
Jan , What impact does this change have on our earnings ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
No off-duty time for me on this report . Thanks , Kim .
Michelle , Would you have time to handle this I/C ? If so , please let Perry know that you are the marketing contact . If not , please let me know so that I can pass it on to someone else . Thanks , Kim .
Paula , Although we skimmed the surface on board replacements for Jim , we should probably start a list of potential candidates . Some of the names we mentioned last night were: Bill Tarter Lenore Fenberg Muffin Alfred Any other names that come to mind ? . ....Will Eucker , Art , Tammi Semi , Carolyn Brown , Ken O'Neill.. . are other people who have been involved in various efforts . Your thoughts ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI... . I believe Dave N . and Sue had a conversation regarding help in the risk mgmt area . I saw Dave in the hallway earlier and he indicated that he wanted to rally with you and me to discuss . I've got two calls into Tom Armstrong with SW Gas . I hope to get him to send in a request this week . Also , James has been running numbers today , so I should have a term sheet for you tomorrow . The Agave Christmas Party is on Tuesday , December 11 . Is it possible to take a company plane out with reps from mgmt , mktg , gas logistics and operations ? We are also running a few more scenarios for TransPecos . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , FYI , I have a call into Tiny to discuss this picture and the ownership of the pipe in question . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Thanks for setting this meeting up . K .
Audrey , here they are... .
FYI . K .
Lindy , thanks for looking into this . I agree with your comments . Kim .
Hi Dot . Audrey is our secretary . Her phone number is X35849 . I wasn't aware that she books 49C2 , but give her a call and see what she says . Happy Thanksgiving . Kim .
Steve , While I am checking on this items we discussed , here is a draft copy of both proposals . Please note that I have given them 60 days to respond . That may be too long for the Red Rock proposal . Let me know if you would like one or both timeframes changed . I'll visit with you by voice mail as I get an answer from Dennis Tu . Thanks , Kim .
Thanks for letting me know . I'm glad you have everything back . How are you doing ? K .
I'm in ECN1346 . Thanks , Kim .
Thanks for the chuckle ! Kim .
Ron , here it is . Thanks , Kim .
Unfortunately , I have a customer dinner planned for this evening . I will let you know if my plans change . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , I have booked the following appts this week . Would you pls . add to my calendar . Thanks , K . :> ) Tues 11/27 9:00 Kevin Howard - Trans Pecos , 10:30 Paul Y'Barbo - Avail . Capacity , 11:30 Lunch Fran Fagan , 1:30 Denis Alters - Fac Planning Priority list Wed 11/28 11:30 Lunch Krishna Mon 12/3 3:00 Meeting with Burlington - their offices Wed 12/4 11:30 Lunch Frank Bay Wed 12/5 2:00 Reliant Weather Deriv . Meeting
Lee , Here is the Agave I/C agreement . I made a few changes . Please review: Para 1: Agave....a New Mexico corporation.. . Article 2.1: term of . ..five ( 5 ) years Article 3.3: New paragraph . Please wordsmith as necessary . Also , notice the weird indentation on 3.1 and 3.2 . Can you help this ? Article 8.5: filled in detail on Agave contacts as per their request . Let me know . Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , We can meet at 3:00pm in EB1336 . Thanks , Kim .
Hi Kirk , I just wanted to check on you and see how the approval process was going . Have you heard from the ACC Commissioners yet ? Please let me know if we can do anything for you . Thanks , Kim .
This is a sweet note . Let me know what he says . K .
FYI , Kim .
Lee , Please look this over . This is the Questar I/C agreement for the east leg of the Southern Trails Leg . Let me know if I can send it out . Thanks , Kim .
Lorraine , Here are the proposals that we sent to SW Gas last week . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , FYI , Kirk did not have good news on the approval for Big Sandy yesterday , but it looks like they have Plan B moving forward . I will stay in touch with Kirk and keep you posted . Thanks , Kim .
Kirk , Well , I am sorry that the project was denied a permit yesterday . I know that you ( and many others ) have worked very hard on this project . Transwestern is still very interested in having Big Sandy connect to our pipe . I will stay in touch with you over the next few months , but please don't hesitate to call me if there is anything we can do to help you . Thanks for keeping me posted , Kim .
Ron , FYI , Kim .
Thanks ! This is great news ! K .
Steve and Teb , Please find attached the agreement for Questar Southern Trails I/C with TW in the San Juan Hub . It is very standard , just like the Agave agreement . Fully reimbuseable . Please let me know if you have any comments . Thanks , Kim .
Blair , per my voice mail message . If you can , would you please review and let me know if you have any comments . It is a very standard , fully reimusable I/C . Thanks , Kim .
Dear Gaylen and Jodi , Attached , please find the Questar Southern Trails Interconnect Agreement and drawing of its location in the San Juan area . The estimated cost of the interconnect is $702,000 . This cost estimate is what we call a "Level A" which means it is + or - 30% . Once we execute the agreement , we will perform a "Level B" which will narrow the cost range . Please review and let me know if you have any questions or comments . Thanks , Kim . P.S . I'm having trouble attaching the drawing . I will send it under separate cover .
Dear Gaylen and Jodi , I was having technical difficulty in sending this drawing with the I/C agreement . Here it is . Please let us know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim .
Yes , I will wait for you . Thanks , Kim .
I wanted to send a note to let everyone know that the rate for the firm transportation agreement with Agave ( K#26490 & #26606 ) increases by $0.01 for all volumes west and east effective November 1 , 2001 through October 31 , 2003 as follows: New Rate For West Flow volumes of 70,000 MMBtu/d - $0.15 ( #26490 ) For East Flow volumes of 40,000 MMBtu/d - $0.07 ( #26606 ) If you have any questions , please don't hesitate to call me . Thanks , Kim X33098
2:30 works for me . Thanks , Kim .
Danny has provided us with some tickets to the 2002 Olympic Winter Games Reception celebrating the Olympic Torch Relay in Houston today . We have VIP Seating and tickets to the VIP Area ( although I'm not sure what this means) . If you ( and your spouse ) would like to attend a private reception tonight at 6:30pm at the Renaissance Houston Hotel - 6 Greenway Plaza East ( Edloe @ Hwy 59 ) please let me know . John and I will be there and we have tickets for two more interested folks . Also , the Olympic Torch is being run in front of my home , The Spires , tonight between 5:00 and 5:30pm . You all are welcome to come over and see this event . I will try to leave the office around 4:15 to head home . Please let me know if you would like to come , I will give you directions . Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , Would you have some time today or tomorrow to discuss this ? Also , we should rally with Kevin Hyatt to discuss his ideas on Sun Devil and determine if we can use a similar strategy for Trans Pecos . My calendar is pretty open , just let me know what works for you and I'll coordinate with everyone . Thanks , Kim .
I wanted to see if you were interested in going over to High Fashion ( Smith@Elgin ) during lunch . I'm looking for some velvet ribbon to tie our flood salvaged ornaments onto our skinny short Christmas tree . Kim :> )
Count me in ! Thanks , Kim .
Sam , I wanted to catch up with you and see how you are doing . Are you in ? K .
Bill , Here are the changes to the OBA . Please review . Also , please look at para 5(c) . Since this gas will only be a San Juan supply , we deleted the Permian and Anadarko price basins . So , if the TW San Juan pricing information goes away , I would like to use El Paso San Juan Pricing instead of averaging the other two basins . Questar is coming in for a late lunch , do you think we can have this ready by then ? Thanks , Kim .
Jan , Will you be able to attend this meeting today ? I've got a couple of conflicts in my schedule this afternoon . Thanks , Kim .
3:00 works best for me . K .
Let's catch up tomorrow . It's been a tough couple of weeks , uh ? K .
Kevin , We are looking for the TW logo . We'll keep you posted . Kim .
I'm trying to message you.....K .
Rosemary , My cell phone number has changed . It is 713 416 5059 . Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , We are putting a list together for lost value for all of TW including the Trans Pecos project . We will get this to you by the end of the day . If your timing is different than this , please let me know . Talk to you soon , Kim .
All , Joe is able to meet with us at 10:00 Thursday , December 13 in EB1336 to discuss the OBA language as it relates to our ability to enforce dollar value , cash out and other provisions in the OBA with other intra and interstate pipelines . Please plan to attend . Thanks , Kim .
Danny , Per your request , if Red Rock was delayed , it would have a $1.1MM impact for June and a $1.6MM impact for July . Thanks , Kim .
I'm taking vacation on Friday , December 14 . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Lorraine , Here are the sales that TK did this week . Thanks for coordinating the bullets ! Kim .
Audrey , Lorraine will be coordinating bullets for me tomorrow . Thanks , Kim .
I think a cocktail dress would be wonderful . I plan to wear something fairly festive myself ! I look forward to seeing you on Sunday ! Kim .
Thanks for the reminder . I'm looking for the list now , I'll bring it over . K .
Paul , I need your accomplishments ASAP this morning . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Mark , Let's discuss this . Kim .
Mark McConnell's Accomplishments .
Michelle Lokay's Accomplishments .
Lorraine Lindberg's Accomplishments .
Kim Watson's Accomplishments .
FYI . Kim .
Pilar , Thank you so much for the wonderful card ! Thanks for thinking of me . Kim .
Paul and Mark , Please contact Eastern New Mexico ( Mark) , Enervest ( Mark) , Citizens ( Mark ) and Southern Utes ( Paul ) to make sure they are aware that they are responsible for making the payments on these contracts since ENA has defaulted . Also , Paul , please confirm again that ENA is not nominating on their own contracts that make up $129,481 of the delinquent payments . Please keep Steve and I informed of the status . Thanks , Kim .
I'll be there !
Kirk , Thanks for the note . Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to you and your family as well . I look forward to catching up with you in 2002 ! Kim .
Paula , Thanks for your note . I'll give you guys a call around 6:00 . I only need the critical one or two loads and actually , we only need the washing machine since our dryer still works . Thanks for the kind offer of Chinese , but we've got several gifts to wrap for the office tomorrow so we'd better stay focused . We truly appreciate your kindness ! Thanks , Kim .
Craig , I'm sorry , I didn't redline this...Please take a look , call me so we can discuss then we can send it back to Tony P . for another review . Many thanks , Kim . PS . We don't want to tender this until they send in a request . I'm working on that now .
Hi Sylvia ! Please use this email as approval for Mark McConnell to have access to the Envision system . Hope all is well with you . Have a Happy Holiday ! Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Mary D . is looking to send in the I to I filing for the Cal 02 deal this afternoon . They've got a lot of people out next week and want to file it today . Let me know if you have concerns .
FYI , Kim .
Steve , Please note that the in-service for Red Rock Sta . 1 and 2 are expected June 1 . Sta . 3 is expected June 15 . This is very good news for us . Kim .
FYI . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
I wasn't sure you responded to this yet , but we are in Hong Kong the weekend of Feb . 15 . Let's not forget to talk to Valentina ( sp? ) tonight at JFF . ILY , K .
Bill , I've made a couple of changes related to ENA having two contracts that we want to market via this method . Please check my comments and look to see if any of the other language needs to be changed for the additional agreement . The letter looks great to me . Thanks for all of your help on this . Once we hear back from you , we will tender to ENA for their execution so we can proceed forward in selling this capacity . Thanks , Kim .
We are drafting a letter to Sid Rich for their non-payment of $1.6 MM Nov . invoice . You will find the letter in your email . TK has water-dropped Sid Rich that a letter is coming this afternoon . Kim .
Jodi , Here is the electronic OBA agreement . Happy New Year . Kim .
I would like us all to attend this meeting . Please let me know if you have a conflict . Thanks , Kim .
Paul , This make sense to me , but please make sure you are OK with the final position now reflected in the Caminus system . Thanks , Kim .
Dan , Thank you for the great card . I hope all is well with you . What are you doing now ? Are you still commuting to California ? Are you working for someone in Houston ? ENE is up today to $0.63 . Gosh , it still feels like we've got the decimal point in the wrong place with our stock . Just heartbreaking . Oh well , I'm glad 2002 is here . This will be a better year for all ! Keep in touch ! Happy New Year to you and your family ! Kim .
J , I don't have a problem committing to Italy and purchasing airfare when it makes $ sense with the thought that we can always cancell just like we did in Sept . I don't worry too much about having to cancell , but I think a lot will shake out over the next 6-8 weeks here at 1400 Smith . I'll keep working Dot to see if she and Tom are willing to commit to a spring vs . fall timeframe . I suspect Janell and Dennis will be no go for anytime in 02 . If Dot and Tom are game then we can talk with D & T and P & J about meeting Jane and Barry to make our party and even 8 . If Dot and Tom are not available to go , I'm more comfortable just making the traveling party a foursome . Have a great day ! ILY , K .
Jim , We would like to call you at 1:30 today to discuss the Sid Rich payment for Nov . business . Are you available ? We'll call you . Thanks , Kim .
Come on down to 13 . We'll be in 1336 .
Mark , Will Maria or Dorothy be able to attend and provide their historical knowledge ? I've got it booked on my calendar . Thanks , Kim .
Lorraine , Can you bring Martha's laptop back to the office ? I had originally told her we only needed it while you were out with your sinus surgery . I'd like to go ahead and return it to her . Thanks , Kim .
Please plan to attend a meeting on Monday , January , 7 from 3:30pm to 4:00pm in EB49C1 to discuss the Trans Pecos Project . Thanks , Kim .
No , I was not aware of this . Thanks for taking the lead on this , please let me know if you need my assistance . Thanks , Kim .
Yes , the 1:30 is the prep meeting to the 3:30 Stan meeting . Danny wants us to look at project financing vs . MLP . If you get a chance , call me Monday when you get back in the office and we can discuss a little further . Happy New Year . Kim .
Glen , Are you familiar with this organization ? Do we normally participate ? Thanks , Kim .
TK , FYI , let me know if you think otherwise . Thanks , Kim .
I will check . We are in 49C1 which is a very large conference room and I'm thinking the phone is off to the side by some side chairs and may not have a long enough cord to stretch to the table . I will inspect and keep you posted . Thanks , Kim . 
Audrey will be in for only a bit this morning . Please send me bullets by 10:00am . Thanks , Kim .
No problem ! Have a great day ! Kim . :> )
Audrey , here they are . Thanks , Kim .
The MLP discussions have been on using Northern Border . Regarding KMI , Mark and I met with them before Xmas to see where they were on the rate . They have not presented anything to their management team for approval beyond our original proposal . I believe that Stan is looking for the status of the game plan . We are looking to lay out the game plan on how we would finance the project(if we project finance I think Stan and Danny are looking at securing enough money at the same time to do the Sun Devil , Trans Pecos and PG&E 20 mile line all together) , define what the project return requirement is , determine the comfort factor of the project costs , staying in concert with KMI and making the final proposal to Pemex . I will make myself available at your convenience on Monday morning to discuss . Have a great weekend . Kim .
Please read . Can we schedule a conference call time with Gaylen on Monday ? Kim .
I need help on "WUFBR , SMATB" -------Forget bring refreshments?....Sunday morning?..... .
Happy New Year , Gaylen ! Would you be available on Monday at 11:00am ( CST ) to discuss ? I am routing the OBA to the key departments for comments . I should have the language for the IT agreement finalized late today or Monday morning . I hope to send it to you and we can discuss in our phone call . Let me know if this works for you . Thanks , Kim .
Julie , We need an earlier time on Monday to have the prep meeting for Trans Pecos ( it is currently scheduled for 1:30) . Can you tell me what Danny's calendar looks like ? Our meeting with Stan is at 3:30 . Thanks , Kim .
We have a floor meeting with Stan on Monday at 1:30 to discuss the Dynegy deal . See announcement below . Kim .
Ron will be with me , so we will have to go to a conference room as well . I'll let you know our phone number Monday morning . Thanks and have a great weekend ! Kim .
Kevin , Due to Stan's floor meeting at 1:30 , are you available at 11:00 to prep for the 3:30 Trans Pecos meeting ? Thanks , Kim .
Steve , Are you familiar with this ? Kim .
Cindy , I believe that James Centilli will also be attending this meeting . Thanks , Kim .
Let's meeting in EB1336 . Thanks , Kim .
Due to the 1:30 floor meeting with Stan , our prep meeting for the Trans Pecos project is changed to today , Monday , January 7 at 11:00am in EB1336 . Thanks , Kim .
When do we break bread with Art and Donna ?
I've not seen this , but I would like a copy of the article when you locate it . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Steve , This just came in from Gary Sova . FYI , Kim .
To All , Please send me bullets by lunchtime on Thursday so I can give them to Steve by the afternoon . Thanks , Kim .
I need to take our cat to the vet tomorrow morning ( Tuesday) , so I may be a little late---approximately 8:30am . Thanks , Kim .
Jodi , Here is the language for the IT agreement . We will need for you to send in a formal request form for IT service so that we tender this officially . We can chat about this in the morning . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , Here is the final spreadsheet that does tie back to the right dollar amount of $757,885 . Please let me know if you need anything else . Thanks , Kim .
Jo , Here it is . Thanks , Kim .
Ron , John would like to know what our HP is at these units and what type of units are they ? What is the age of the equipment ? Is this something we would be willing to share ? I told him that our run time on these units was less than 1,000 hours . If we are OK sharing this info , would you either call him or email this to him . If we don't want to share , just let me know and I would be happy to call him and let him know . Thanks , Kim . John Davis' phone number is 281-610-1333 , his email is john.davis5@worldnet.att.net
This looks good to me . Question: Is there a tax/CIAC issue with Citizens reimbursing us for this change ? Will there be an addition to our property accounting records to reflect a change to a pressure control system ? Because it's only $5,000 , there may not be an issue , but I just wanted to check . Kim .
Steve , FYI , the Risk Management and Reporting was allocated to TW for all 12 months of 2001 . However , since I came back to TW in May , Lee Ferrell left Enron in June and Sean and Richard moved to Jo's RC in November , the 15% number dwindled during the latter part of the year . Martha and Bobby were the only ones in this RC that were part of this allocation all 12 months . Thanks , Kim .
TK can sell Feb-Dec to Sid Rich for $2.27 . Or sell remaining Jan , Feb and March for $2.01 . We can sell 10,000 for Feb/March . We can look at only selling 5,000 for rest of year , leaving 5,000 to catch upside(or downside) . We need to at least sell Feb/March before 1:00pm AGA report today . Are you OK with this ?
John , Congratulations on your new responsibilities ! Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you . Good Luck ! Kim .
Steve , James re-ran Trans Pecos with the following: Term: 20 years Rate: $0.261 Cost: $130.274MM ( Without cost of NNG I/C and over-run up to $143.9MM ) then ROE: 12.38% If Cost is capped at $130.274 ( no over-run) , then ROE is 15.25% Term: 15 Years Rate: $0.261 Cost: $130.27 ( Without cost of NNG I/C and over-run up to $143.9MM ) then ROE: 10.82% If Cost is capped at $130.274 ( no over-run) , then ROE is 13.8% Let's discuss tomorrow morning . Kim .
Steve , Yes , we are already putting a list together and inviting customers . We are primarily concentrating on the Houston and Dallas customers . We'll get the RSVP list together in the next day or two . Let us know if you have an invite , we do not have all the tickets spoken for at this time . Michelle has organized dinner for us at Farrago ( corner of West Gray and Brazos ) after the show . They are setting up a large table in the back of the restaurant for us . Kim .
FYI , Kevin Hyatt left me a voicemail last night when he found out about this open season for a new storage facility . Let's discuss after everyone has a chance to review . Thanks , Kim .
Yes , we did see this , thank you . TW plans to be at the informational meeting in Houston next week . Thanks , Kim .
Looks fine . Thanks , Kim .
Julie , These look fabulous ! Thanks , I'll let you know when I cook them ! Kim :> )
Bullets , please !
This is so true ! Thanks , Kim . :> )
Audrey , I am waiting on Mark , Michelle and TK . They are working on them . I'll have them to you ASAP . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , here they are . Thanks , Kim .
No problem . Thanks , K .
All , We are still working on all the details of the proposed interconnect with Questar Southern Trails in the Blanco Hub and will send you a copy soon for your review . Since the interconnect is fully reimbursable , Questar is proposing to pay us according to the attached payment schedule vs . paying all of it up front . Please take a look at this attached schedule and provide me you comments . If we allow them to pay "along the way" I am interested in making sure it at least matches the timing of our cash outlay of building the interconnect . The total estimate of $702,000 includes the tax gross up , which may or may not be applicable , so each of these amount may be reduced by the tax amount . Does anyone have any concerns with the timing of the payment schedule ? Thanks , Kim .
Tracey , I received a phone call yesterday from Mika Aswell ( spelling? ) from Lea County , NM . Her county office has received a check from Transwestern and she does not know how to apply it . Here is what we know: Amount: $7.36 Check Date: December 17 , 2001 Invoice Date: 1-1-2001 #676-3004-0 Voucher: 0100001479 Purchase Order: A60KD13882 Mika's phone number is ( 505)396-8534 . Can you please track this down and tell me or Mika how to apply this money . Many thanks , Kim X33098
I believe it will be Questar Southern Trails . I'll confirm this for you . Kim .
Thanks Morris ! Will you guys be able to call Mika Aswell and let her know your results ? Thanks , have a great weekend . Kim .
Hi Sherri , Well , your ears must have been burning . I have been thinking about you this week . Gee , a lot has happened since we last spoke . I'm still here . We are very busy on Transwestern . I would love to catch up with you , are you available by phone sometime next week ? My calendar looks pretty open next Tues , Wed or Fri . I look forward to visiting with you soon . Kim P.S . Martha is still here , also . She is with the Northern Natural side , I'm with Transwestern .
Thank you , Amy for checking this out for us . Have a great weekend . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Steve , Early this week I asked Jo for a rate and the size of volume ( looking for the max volume ) we could have for transportation on NNG from WT to PH(NNG/TW Gray) . I've got a couple of follow-up calls into her , but she has not gotten back to me yet . I hope to have a response from her before we meet with Mike Stage on Tuesday . I'll keep you posted . Kim .
Looks like their new name ? . .....Global.....Transportation.....BBBBB?? ? bucket , bag , banner ?
Let's meet after the staff meeting today to discuss carving out existing capacity for June 1 as well as what , if anything , we say to the shippers for now . Lorraine , would you please bring the volume needed for Red Rock contracts for June and July . If we carve out existing capacity , we still may not have enough for al of them without prorating . Thanks , Kim .
Several of us in our shop are going . We are splitting up between Wed and Thursday . Kevin is going on Thursday . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Thanks , Lynn . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Julie , I currently do not utilize LIM on my desktop , however; in light of the changes with NNG/Dynegy , I believe that someone in my shop should have access to LIM . We had been currently utilizing Kay Treat and Sean Bolks for LIM information . Should we coordinate with you ? Please advise . Kim .
Hi JB , I just wanted to follow up with you . I have not seen the invoice for the work that you guys did on the new interconnect . I'm concerned I may not be getting all my mail . Have you sent it yet ? Just checking . Thanks , Kim .
Julie , Lorna , Kay and Sean , will not be available as a resource to me starting February 1 because of the Dynegy situation . Will need our own access . Please advise . Thanks , Kim .
All ,
Audrey , I have no off duty time to report for this period . Thanks , Kim .
If TK has access , that is all we need . Thanks , Kim .
Jo , I wanted to follow up with you on the O&M charges and transportation capacity from Halley to Gray . Do you have some telephone time available soon ? I'm available late today after 4:00 or tomorrow before 10:30 or from 1:30-3:00 or Wed anytime pm . Thanks , Kim .
Will you handle this ? Thanks , KIm .
Jo , Let's talk on Wednesday at 3:00 . I can call you . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , I know that we are meeting with Mike Stage and group tomorrow at 3:00 . I've been trying to talk with Jo and will do so this Wednesday regarding transportation on the KB line to NNG/TW Gray . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Yes , 9:00am on Thursday will work fine . Also , just FYI , Transwestern is off on a holiday , Monday , January , 21 for Martin Luther King day . Talk to you Thursday , Thanks , Kim . :> )
Great job , TK ! :> ) Kim .
Gina , I like it . I think it is very nice . I know that employees will be glad to see this finally announced . Thanks , Kim .
Given that the first week of Dec was the bankruptcy filing , I don't show any lunches out during this week . I don't believe it was me . Can you tell by the price how many people may have been at lunch ?
Jo , FYI , Kim .
Do we have a plan to transfer all the PNR activity to the TW team for Feb 1 ? Thanks , Kim .
FYI , We'll keep you posted as the responsibility for this changes . Kim
FYI , Kim .
You are so fast ! Many thanks ! Kim :> )
Please remember that we are meeting at 3:00 pm today in EB 1336 to talk about the weekend flows . Also , at this time let's discuss more of the details of how we want to operate our own meeting starting next Tuesday . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , FYI , you are more than welcome to join us for this meeting or sit in our new 8:00am meetings starting Tuesday , Jan 22 in EB1336 . Thanks , Kim .
Bullets , please!! !
Here they are , Thanks , Kim .
Good catch ! Thanks , Kim . :> )
Tiny , I wanted you to know that I am putting a "check in the mail" to you ( and made out to you ) in the amount of $50 to be used toward the gift for Rich . The money is from: Mark McConnell - $10 Kim Watson - $20 I apologize I didn't get it in the mail earlier this week , but everyday seemed to be a Monday for me this week . If you have Rich's home address , I would love to send him a note . Thanks for coordinating this ! Kim
Definitely not me . I would have charged a lot more than this ! Ha ! Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , this is good to book ! Thanks , Kim .
Bill , This looks good . Thanks , Kim .
Here are the weekend flow levels . FYI , Kim .
Dennis , can we talk about this ? Thanks , Kim .
Dennis , What are your thoughts on this request ? I'm not even sure that our map department exists because of December 3 . If we respond to her request , we may want someone at an officer level at the Navajo Nation to request this data and then send it directly to the officer . Thanks , Kim .
Bruce and Dave , For your review and input , here is the latest version of the LOI for Pemex . Mark and I will come over this afternoon and spend just 15-20 minutes with you and walk you through some of our thoughts . Thanks , Kim and Mark
Steve , Well , TK celebrated 20 years with Enron on January 11 . I did talk with Fran about the status of service awards , and of course , they were suspended in December . Fran said that they are having discussions about what to do in the future . It may be a while before this program gets reinstated ( if at all) . Until it does , may we go ahead and plan a lunch or something nice for TK ? Kim
Kevin , For Trans Pecos , we have a couple of slides with a fact sheet prepared that we used in the presentation with Stan a couple of weeks ago . Would you like those or are you looking for a 2-3 page narrative ? I'd be happy to provide either . What is the time frame - how quick ? Kim .
I will send the fact sheet now . However , I am happy to create whatever you need to help get this money . I'll send it under separate cover .
Kevin , Per your request , here is some basic information on Trans Pecos . Please let us know if you need additional information or prefer it in a different format . Thanks , Kim .
Would you please send me your bullets by the end of today ( before we leave for the Cirque show) . Thanks , Kim .
yes , K .
Any luck connecting up with the ENA folks on the capacity release for February ? Kim .
looks good .
Hi Bill , Have you had a chance to review the OBA that Questar sent us ? If you have time later today , we could get together and discuss . Thanks , Kim .
If you need assistance , please let me know . I know Ruth , she actually worked in our group a couple of years ago . Do you think we'll get an answer so we can sell before bid week ends for Feb business ? Kim .
Please plan to attend a TW analysis meeting tomorrow morning , Friday , January 25 from 9:00am to 11:00am in EB1336 . Richard and Sean will share the results from their detailed analysis of TW . Thanks , Kim .
All , Please review and call your customers if they have not paid their invoice . Keep Market Services plugged into your conversations with the customer . Thanks , Kim .
Bobby , Thanks for your help on this . Let's talk early next week to see where you are on this and whether or not you will have to implement the interim plan . Thanks , Kim .
I can come , but I will be about 15 minutes late due to our weekly Gas Control meeting at 3:00pm . I'm happy to join up with you in progress . Thanks , Kim .
Here they are:
FYI , Kim .
1:00pm today is fine .
FYI , Kim .
Darrell , I like to see the weekend flows . This is great . Thanks . Would you please add Michelle Lokay to this distribution list . Thanks , Kim .
Julie , I would like the tickets for Thursday , Feb . 28 . for Clint Black and Lisa Hartman Black . What's the difference between section 748a and section 458 ? Many thanks ! Kim .
Bruce and Dave , Here are some of our comments to amend the KMI/TW letter agreement for dates listed in the agreement . Please review and lets discuss tomorrow morning . We are putting together a timeline for all of the various things that need to happen which will help us both determine the new dates to put in the letter . We'll send this to you as soon as we are finish . Do you have any comments on the Pemex letter agreement ? Thanks , Kim and Mark .
Mansoor , I can make either time work , my preference would probably be Wed 1:30-3:00 if given a choice . Would you like for all of Marketing to be there or would you prefer to keep it small with just Michelle and me ? Thanks , Kim .
Yes , I can make myself availble for this meeting . Can we discuss either later today or tomorrow for a pre-meeting ? Thanks , Kim .
Well , I spoke too soon . I just got word of another meeting that I need to attend Wed at 1:30 . My preference now is Tuesday from 9:00-10:30 . Thanks , Kim .
I've got it booked . Who else from our shop would you like to see attend also ? Kim .
does that mean just me ?
Audrey , Please send about 6 maps the contact below . Thanks , Kim .
All , Please take a look at the spreadsheet , call your customers regarding these outstanding amounts and keep Market Services in the loop of your conversations . Please let me know of anything unusual . Thanks , Kim .
Hi Dot , Well , we've been talking about Italy again . We are looking at leaving late May , like Friday , May 24 ( so we can scoop in Memorial Day ) and returning to Houston on Sunday , June 9 . We are pricing fares now . Continental has them posted on their website at $1,100-$1,200 . I will also check with Alliance Travel Agency ( formerly Travel Agency in the Park ) to see what they may be able to do for us . Can you and Tom swing these dates ? Let me know . Thanks , Kim .
How quickly ?
Do you have your resume together ? Any leads ?
Rudy , I am so glad that you have landed ! Thank you so much for the phone mail message you left me . I would love to schedule lunch with you in the next couple of weeks to see how you are doing . We'll grab Martha , too . Congratulations! ! Kim .
I work for Transwestern Pipeline at Enron and I would like to have an ID and password to use Clicktrip . Please advise . Thanks , Kim Watson
Jeff , I am looking for the person who paid for my wine last Friday evening . Lorraine says it was not her , so I'm suspecting that it was you . Needless to say , I left without paying and what is worse , I didn't even think of it until I got home that night after dinner with John . Where you the kind and unknowing one that floated my loan ? Also , I've been thinking about Paris and London . Would a week night or weekend night be better for you/Lisa and John/I to get together for a brain , map and book transfer session . If you have a date that works for you guys over the next few weeks , throw it out and we'll get something on the calendar . Thanks , Kim . P.S . What is Lisa's email address ? I'd like to send her a note .
FyI , Kim .
Audrey , Here is another request for maps , however , I am thinking that I sent this person to you yesterday . If this is repeat request , please disregard . If not , please handle . Thanks , Kim .
Do you want to pre-meet ? Are we still scheduled to meet tomorrow at 1:30 ? Location ?
Jan , would you make 5 copies of the power point slide . I'll print out the word documents . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , Jan and I will print out 5 copies of each of these . FYI , for your files . Kim .
Yes , this would be fine . Please stop by and mark your day(s ) on the calendar that is pinned up on my wall . Thanks , Kim .
Julie , it looks like a slip of the finger on Roger Hayes vs . Robert Hayes . FYI , K . :> )
I checked with our Travel Agency and they cannot secure cheaper tickets than what we are seeing on the internet . It looks like $1,100 - $1,200 is about the price for the Houston to Rome roundtrip . FYI , Kim .
James , Would you please send Kevin Howard the email version of the economics for Trans Pecos and copy me . Kevin is working with ArcLight as a potential equity investor for our portion of Trans Pecos . Please let me know if you have additional questions . Thanks , Kim .
I have no off duty time to report . I've been here . Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , Donna and I are working on the floor plan . We have you slotted to move with us ( although we don't know exactly where yet) , but we were not sure if we needed to make space for anyone else that works for you . An assistant ? Davis Thames ? Please advise . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , Here is the pricing information on the DTN feed . I recommend that we sign a 3 year agreement so the initial fee of $1,000 will be waived . The minimum DTN fee is $500 monthly ( for up to 25 users ) plus $60 monthly for the 1st user and $12 monthly for users 2-25 . Do you want to see the real-time feeds ? It looks like the total monthly fee will be $620 for six users . Please let me know if you have any concerns , otherwise , we will implement ASAP . Also , there will be no additional cost to have this on the 13 floor and move it to our final destination ( there used to be a large fee for moving locations) . Kim .
Thanks , we'll make room for the three of you . We are looking at moving either to 39 or 44 . We have tentative floor plans for both . When the floor decision has been made , we'll come to you for your consensus on the placement of your three slots . We'll be back with you soon , I hope . :> ) Thanks , Kim .
FYI , please see Elizabeth's note below for purposes of checking the invoices tomorrow . Thanks , Kim .
This looks good to me , but I defer to you for further comments . Thanks , Kim .
Mark and Mark , We approve the costs to get real-time DTN feeds . We would like to sign up for a 3 year agreement so that the $1,000 fee is waived . We will have seven primary users right now: Harris , Steven Lindberg , Lorraine Lokay , Michelle McConnell , Mark Y'barbo , Paul Watson , Kimberly Thanks for all of your help on this . Please let me know when real-time pricing can be installed . Thanks , Kim .
Hi Jeff , John and I are also good to go for tonight . We are open on flavors of food . Some things that come to mind off the top of my head are: Raven Grill , Goode Company ( Mexican or BBQ).....I'm trying to think of some place that we could have drinks , beer or wine....we are completely open . Any thoughts on some place close to your neighborhood ? John and I were planning on meeting at the house to join up . I'll bring the maps/books etc . Does 6:00pm sound OK ? Kim .
FYI ,  Kim .
OK . BTW , when did you tell me your MGMA meeting was in Sept . Is this when we will go to Utah ? What city will we fly in and out of ? Kim .
Bullets , please .
thanks for the heads up . Please mention in Steve's staff meeting on Monday .
All of these sound great . Why don't you pick one . We like all of these places . Kim . [Watson , Kimberly]
Audrey , Here they are . Thanks , Kim .
Michelle , Would you please write up a full description of what the scope of our plans are with PG&E . This description will be useful to Kevin Howard as he proceeds to determine the best way to secure funds for this project . Please send it to me and I will add the virtual capacity write up to it and forward on to Kevin . Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , We will write these up and send them to you ASAP . Thanks , Kim .
Tiny , Thank you so much for the reminder , sometimes I think my brain has slipped away . Do you need all of the San Juan and West of Thoreau contracts ? If you know you have some of them , which ones do you have , I'll send you the rest . My apologies , Kim .
Bod , Please add Jan Moore to your distribution list . Thanks , Kim .
Jan , FYI , Kim .
Richard , Please make sure that Paul see's the invoice . After Paul approves it , I can sign it too . Thanks , Kim .
Don't forget we have lunch scheduled tomorrow , Tuesday , February 5 . Let's meet downstairs at 11:30am . Any preference on flavors of food ? Kim .
opps , sorry . I looked through the list too fast . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , FYI , I just talked with Jo and she will take a look at a 100,000 and 200,000 from Permian to TW/NNG Gray for a longer term . She will need to look at how much capacity she will have to move to make room for us . She ( and probably Vernon ) will get back to us . I'll keep you posted on our conversations . Kim .
James , thanks ! Kim .
Here is a note from Gaylen at Questar . We would like to have this interconnect in place by May 1 . The Interconnect Agreement is anticipated to be executed this week . I will let you know when it is officially signed . If it would help us meet our May 1 timeframe , please remember that Questar is more than willing to help order equipment ( to our specifications ) if our vendors cannot respond as quickly as we would like .  Please let me know if you need additional information . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Hi Jeff , Yes , this interconnect will be managed by our E&C group . Earl Chanley will be the project coordinator . Thanks for your quick reply . Kim .
Earl , We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property) . As you look at this , if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW . Our in-service date is May 1 . If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know . Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1 . Thanks , Kim .
Are you back in the office yet ? We've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday , May 24 to Newark/Rome and returning on Sunday , June 9 from Rome to Newark/Houston . Ticket price was $1,183 per ticket . Paul and Judy are on board . Can you and Tom join us ? Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's broken leg . Please call me , let's discuss . Thanks , Kim X33098
John , sorry for the late response , but I think you can implement immediately . I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed ( I don't remember if you were there or not ) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great , thanks ! Kim .
Yes , thanks . I was aware . I just couldn't remember if it was you or Terry . Thanks , Kim .
Jan , These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago . Are you comfortable with the difference ? Any thoughts ? No hurry , I was just wondering . Thanks , Kim .
Kyle , Sorry for not sending this yesterday . Monday's are always tough . Please review and let me know what you think . Let's talk before I leave town next Wednesday . Thanks , Kim .
Let's discuss . Kim .
Lorraine , Would you please have a conversation with KMI about Randy's concern of KMI shutting in the Gray I/C w/o notifying us and the problems it would cause at P-3 . Also , keep Darrell , Market Services and , of course , Randy , plugged into the status . Thanks , Kim .
Bullets , please .
Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , Would you please email me the final bullets from last week . I don't necessarily go look for the final copy since I am the one who combines all the bullets . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , Could you tell me how many of the operating agreements below you have a copy of ? Tiny is trying to complete his files . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , Here they are . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , As a matter of practice , would you automatically email me the final bullets document after Steve approves ? I will then save it in my word file and use it to start the next weeks bullets . Thanks , Kim . :> )
Jodi and Gaylen , Please see the list below . Would you please look at what timeframe you could get the equipment listed below . Our preliminary investigation suggests that we may not be able to obtain the equipment quick enough to meet a May in-service date . If your engineering department has any questions about this list , please feel free to have them call Earl Chanley at the number below . And , of course , if you have any questions of me , please feel free to call me at ( 713 ) 853-3098 . Thanks , Kim .
Bill , Please check out the changes in blue . The changes in red are from Questar . Thanks , Kim .
Lynn , I would like for you to review a draft of the proposed TW/Questar OBA in the Blanco Hub ( the Interconnect Agreement is in the process of being signed and it is not built yet) . Sorry about all the "red-lines" , but I think it makes it easier to see where we have made all of our changes . FYI , the red changes are changes proposed by Questar , the blue changes are proposed by TW . Please let me know if you have any thoughts on this agreement . Thanks , Kim .
I did receive the signed I/C Agreement from Questar late on Friday . I am currently routing it for approval for TW's signature . If putting a hold on this meter would help improve the in-service date , I would definitely recommend it . Would you please provide me your thoughts . Thanks , Kim .
Richard , We are proceeding ahead with a new I/C with Questar up in the Blanco Hub , here is the proposed OBA that we have been working on . Please review and let me know if you have any concerns . Thanks , Kim .
Earl , Thanks for the note . Mansoor and I have talked and we would definitely like you to put a hold on this meter . I will keep you posted on Questar's response to the list of equipment that you provided us last week as to how quickly they could receive any of this equipemnt . Thanks , Kim .
Jennifer , I will be on vacation for this meeting . Thanks , Kim .
Jodi , Here is another draft of the OBA . Please review the changes I made with Gaylen and let me know your thoughts . By the way , I did receive your signed I/C agreements on Friday afternoon . We are routing internally for signature . Thanks , Kim .
Linda , you are so welcome ! I leave for vacation Wed. , but when I get back , I'll call you . I want to see your new digs ! Have a great week ! Thanks , Kim .
Richard , I will be out of the office on vacation beginning Wed , Feb 13 and returning Monday , February 25 . Please include all the TW dealmakers on any updates that you may have on invoices . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , Michael sent me this draft today , but I think that you should review these slides since I know that you have been working on this . Let's discuss in the morning . Tuesday is my last day before I leave on vacation . Thanks , Kim .
Gary , Henry did fax me some of the literature , but the quality of the fax is such that it is hard to read . I am meeting with Jack tomorrow at 10:30 , how about I stop by and see you . Thanks , Kim .
Paul , FYI , Kim .
Lorraine and Paul , Please coordinate with each other and provide Steve an update by noon tomorrow ( Wednesday ) as to where your conversations stand with your customers on flipping these deals from Index to fixed rates . He has a meeting with Stan at 2:00pm and will be asked about these I'm sure . Also , Paul , would you please provide Steve any additional thoughts (  like we discussed yesterday ) with respect to how and what things are included in our VaR . Many thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
reg affairs can provide you a copy . Thanks , Kim .
Kevin , here is the info on the PG&E project . Thanks , Kim .
Hi Jodi , I'm back in the office now . I tried to open this document , but I do not have word perfect . Can you convert to a Word document and resend for my files ? Many thanks , Kim
Jan , I believe that I do not have any memberships that fall into this category . I'm thinking that Steve is the only one with possible memberships here . Thanks , Kim .
I like it . Kim .
Alma , I would like to attend the March 21 at 1:30 demo . Where ? Thanks , Kim .
Elizabeth , Yes I would like to discuss this with you . My schedule for Wednesday afternoon or Thursday looks good . How about you ? Kim .
Hi Robert , Yes , I am still here ! However , the Research and Development department is no longer a part of Enron which is why their emails have been returned to you . Thank you for your thoughts , I will keep you posted . Kim .
Hi Jo , Yes , I do have time on Wednesday afternoon and would like to meet with you . Might you be available anytime after 2:00pm ? Thanks , Kim .
Great , I'll see you at 2:00 . I am coming back in town on Wed , so if I can get back to the office by 1:30 , do you want me to call you to come over early ? Thanks , Kim .
I didn't know you were going to Florida in July . I will look at my schedule . Do we know anyone in Miami ? ILY , K .
Steve , FYI , Kim .
Steve , here is the electronic version of the NNG proposal . Kim .
Here is the proposal from NNG on south end transportation . Any thoughts....particularity on the one year proposal of $0.065 plus commodity and fuel ? What do you think capacity release would cost for a one year term ? Thanks , Kim .
I think that would be great , however , I would like to discuss with Steve for approval on the expense . Thanks , Kim .
I think I gave my time to you before I left , but if not , here it is.. . Discretionary Day: February 19 Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim :> )
Thanks Alma ! I would like for everyone in the TW marketing group attend this training . Has everyone responded to you with a date to attend ? Kim .
Whose master firm physical gas agreement ? Does UBS have these ? Kim .
How about today ( Thursday ) at 2:00 . Can you come to EB1336? . John , are you available , also ? Thanks , Kim .
I have a conference call then . How about Friday morning or afternoon ?
Friday at 9:00am works for me . Where ? Kim .
Bullets , please !
Audrey , Does this impact us ? Kim .
Steve , What was the Oneok issue ? What does Ann mean by "ETS was releasing gas to Oneok" ?
I must be sleepy this morning . ? ? . K .
Audrey , Here they are . Thanks , Kim .
John , Look at this . Kim .
Lindy , this looks good . I like it . Thanks , Kim .
This is the funniest thing I've seen in a long time ! You should have heard me scream ! I laughed so hard I had to hang up on the Steve Cooper voice mail .
Mansoor , this is the other thing I was trying to remember when I was in your office this afternoon . I would like to discuss this with you . Thanks , Kim .
Thanks , this was exactly what I was looking for . Kim .
Yes , however , I thought I saw an earlier message from you booking this meeting at 9:00 . Either time works for me . Please confirm . Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
John , sorry , I forgot to respond , they look fine . Thanks , Kim .
Randy , Mansoor and I met on this topic this morning . We are confirming with Perry Frazier what , if any , firm commitments we may have on this system to make sure we understand possible impacts of abandoning this station . Also , we will meet with the regulatory folks this week to discuss the various regulatory options with them . We will keep you updated as we progress through these meetings . How much money is required on the Ivanhoe station to keep ESD compliant ? Thanks , Kim .
Steve , Are you available on Wednesday to discuss the Ivanhoe station ? We want to describe to you what the situation is and get your advice on what our regulatory options are . I'm available anytime except 9:00-10:00 and 2:00-3:00 . Mansoor , how about you ? Thanks , Kim .
did you get an updated tariff from Reg Affairs ? Let me know if you still need assistance . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , My changes are in color . Also , I will bring over to you a list of others to add . ( I could not add rows to this spreadsheet , sorry) . Thanks , Kim .
Hi Kirk , I just wanted to check in with you and see how you were doing . How is the Big Sandy Project ? How are you doing on the water rights ? I hope all is well . We're doing fine in Transwestern . Kim .
It's official ! We are moving next week on Thursday , March , 14 ! Actually , we have to be packed up by close of business on Wednesday , March 13 . Ruthann will be calling each of you to discuss your move needs , such as your type of computer equipment , whether or not you are moving your chair , etc...Boxes will be coming soon . Please let Audrey or me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim .
How about I talk with her on the phone.. . We can visit with her tonight . K .
FYI , Kim .
Gaylen and Jodi , Here is the schematic for the Blanco Hub , it has not been updated for your new interconnect yet . Gaylen , I got your voice mail on amending the payment schedule if you guys are purchasing most of the equipment and I am OK with amending it to reflect the change in spending . I've got a draft that I will update for the spending . I'll send it to you soon . By the way , do you guys have a list of the customers that will be attending your customer meeting next week ? I am scheduled for the second session . Thanks , Kim .
We have a response back from the Hotel Firenze ( same hotel we stayed in before ) in Rome for the last two nights of our trip ( June 7 & 8 ) that they do have availability . The rate is Euro 155.00 ( according to the conversion rate I think this is about USD $136 ) for each room all including . They will need credit card info if we want to confirm . I have not heard from the Hotel Conditti (  which is the hotel we had reservations for back in September and is located closer to the Spanish Steps than the Hotel Firenze ) and hope to hear from them soon . I have also not heard back from the Marincanto Hotel in Positano . I'll keep you posted . I thought we would give the Hotel Conditti another day to respond before making our decision . If Conditti does not have space or is too pricey , are we OK with booking the Hotel Firenze ? I have not checked into other Rome hotels . Let me know if you would like me to investigate others . Please advise . Thanks , Kim .
Oh , My Italian Amigos , I just received a fax from Hotel Condotti and they do have availability for June 7 & 8 at a rate of Euro 233 (  which is about USD $204 ) which includes breakfast and taxes . Please check out each of the above web sites and let me know what you think . The Condotti is a little more expensive , but certainly looks very nice . We know that Firenze was fine and I'm certainly happy to stay there again if everyone is game . John , do you have a preference ? Paul please talk with Judy and let me know what your vote is . Also , let me know if you want me to check on other hotels in Rome . Once I tally the votes , I'll confirm the hotel . Thanks , Kim . P.S . Paul , you'll have to give me your credit card information . Call me with this info , do not send email . ( Due to Big E issues , I cannot delete any email messages and I don't want this info hanging around. )
Stuart , Your ears , or maybe mine , must have been burning lately . I have been thinking about you over the past couple of days and wanted to call you and schedule lunch . Is your new office in the Greenway Plaza area ? Gosh , we have lots to catch up on from both your side and mine . Congratulations ! I know you must be excited and I can't wait to hear about your new opportunities with WHES ! What is you schedule the week of March 18 ? Are you available for lunch anytime the week of 3/18 ? Thanks , Kim .
Katy , Thanks for the list , however , I do not have word perferct and cannot open the document . Can you convert it to a Word document and re-send ? Sorry for the trouble . Thanks , Kim . :> )
Ben and Dennis , We do indeed appreciate being able to use the 3907 conference room for our morning meetings . Thank you for moving your standing Wednesday staff meetings to another meeting room . We look forward to being on the same floor with everyone ! See you Thursday on EB39 ! Kim . :> )
My Italian Amigos , I have just received a fax from the Marincanto Hotel , Positano . They do have availability for us beginning May 25 for 3 nights . They have at least one standard double room ( sea view ) for Euro 186 ( approximately $165 USD ) and one superior double room ( also sea view ) for Euro 217 (  approximately $192 USD) . The only difference between the rooms that I can tell from their fax is that the superior room has a jacuzzi bath . I do not know where in the room the jacuzzi is located . This hotel has a private beach ( I think I read somewhere in one of my books that there was a small nominal fee to use the beach ) with a private descent ( Wahoo!) . They also have private parking at the cheap price of Euro 18 per day and only a thousand ( uphill each way ) steps to it . Is this hotel still OK ? I do not know if they have two standard room and two superior rooms or just one of each type available . Please let me know what your preference is . I can clarify in my next fax . If both our preferences are for the same type room and they only have one of each , shall we draw straws or have a pizza eating contest ? Also , there was one other hotel in Positano that I looked into before finding Hotel Marincanto for our Sept . trip but they were full . I may look them up tonight and fax them tomorrow just to compare . Please advise . Thanks , Kim . P.S . We also have a fax from Hotel Firenze in Rome that we are confirmed for June 7 & 8 !
Please send me your bullets ASAP this morning . If you have no bullets to report , please reply to me that you have none . Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , here they are !
Steve , I just ran into Tracy in the hall and she asked if on Trans Pecos the $131MM ( or it could be $138MM ) represented 100% or 50% of the cost . The $131 is 100% of the cost of the project . If we joint venture with KMI , our cost would be half of this . Call me if you have questions . Thanks , Kim .
I will be out of town next Friday . Lorraine will be attending for our group . Thank you for the invite . Kim .
Ruth , would you please invite Lindy Donoho also . Thanks , Kim .
yes .
Yes , I called Steve Harris from the airport . What is the amount ? I was not sure from the numbers below . Please save the detail from my expense account . Thanks , Kim .
Lindy , We are meeting on Tues at 10:00 in 1336 to discuss how TW may handle a storage point on our system with respect to how we contract for this point ( given that contracts will want to receive and deliver to this point on a firm basis ) as well as how we schedule gas at this point . Will you be able to attend and give us your advise ? Many thanks , Kim .
We are sending them over this morning . I have already talked to Dave Matney and told him the agreements were coming this morning . They will review and we will plan to meet next Mon or Tues to iron out any remaining items ( such as the operatorship ) so we can tender to Pemex . Stan is OK with them and has agreed that if we need to conceded the operatorship , we can , but he would like an opener in three years to re-bid the operatorship .
Steve , FYI , Kim .
Earl and Mansoor , I have received a copy of the as-built drawings for the TW/Agave Eddy County Interconnect . Earl , as I understand it , you have a copy also . Please confirm that you have what you need . I will send my copy to Mansoor unless otherwise directed . Also , I have received an invoice from Agave for $245,904.20 for their work on this interconnect . Earl , I believe Mark McConnell faxed you a copy a few weeks ago . I need you both to approve the invoice so I can pay . Do either of you have any comments regarding this invoice ? Does anyone else need to see it ? Please advise . Thanks , Kim .
Dennis , I am travelling Wednesday and will not be able to attend . I am asking Lorraine to attend in my place . Thanks , Kim . Lorraine , Will you be able to attend this meeting ? Thanks , Kim .
Audrey , I have no off duty time to report . Thanks , Kim .
Mark , let's discuss this and get with Kevin . Thanks , Kim .
pretty cute .
Earl , Will you be able to coordinate with Agave to do this ? Have you talked to Paul Ragsdale yet ? FYI , I had Audrey send my copy of the as-built drawing to you last week . If this is a duplicate from what Agave sent you , would you please forward the copy I sent you to Mansoor for his files . Let me know if I need to talk to Agave . Thanks , Kim .
Yes , I will fax it to you when I get home tonight . In fact , when you get it , why don't you call me and we can talk about it . This is one of the recipes that I got in Paris when I went to cooking school . They translated it for us , but as you can imagine , it needs just a little bit of discussion to fill in the blanks . I hope I'm not scaring you , it is actually a pretty easy recipe . My home number is 713 791 9201 and my office number is 713 853 3098 . Thanks , Kim . :> )
When you get back from vacation , let's talk about this . What do I need to do ? Thanks , Kim .
I received a message that there will be a surprise lunch for Rich Jolly on Friday , March 29 from 11:30 to 1:00pm in ECN46C1 . Rich is retiring after 35 years of service . Everyone is invited . Thanks , Kim .
Tiny , I just received a message that Rich is going to retire at the end of the month . I understand that there is a surprise lunch for him in Houston on March 29 . Will you be attending ? Let us know , we'd like to meet with you if you are going to be in town . Did you receive the $50 check I sent you for Rich's gift ? When I was reconciling my checking account a couple of weeks ago , I noticed it had not cleared yet . I just want to make sure it did not get lost in the mail . Good luck on Bisti ! Thanks , Kim .
Tiny , Thanks for the note . I'll let TK and Mark know that you got the money for the four wheeler . Along with many , we will miss Rich a lot . Thanks , Kim .
Cindy , This works fine for me . Thanks , Kim .
Steve , I will plan to attend this meeting . Kim .
FYI , Kim .
It may be a good idea for everyone to attend this meeting to get brought up to speed on the 637 filing . See you there . Kim .
Martha , I'm sorry you had to miss lunch today . Frank also brought Mark Pickering ( they worked together at EBS) . Frank and Mark are working on business development for Plains . He very much wants to catch up with you , I told him you would give him a call . His office number is 713 739-6715 ( if 739 doesn't work , try 729 , the voice mail was fuzzy) . His cell phone is 713 503-9027 ( I know this number is correct) . Please give him a call . He is very happy in his new role . My lunch with him today did remind me of the "good ole days" you and I had with him . Give me a shout when you get back into the office . Thanks , Kim P.S . We moved up to 39 last weekend . I finally went through all my boxes from the office you and I shared on 41 . Some of the stuff was yours , so I packed you one box and put it on your desk . ( Sorry....... ) Call me .
I was really thinking about the prep work needed for Sat evening . Can we talk tonight ? What watering hole ? Where ?
Dear Gary and Fran , Attached , please find a resignation letter from both me and Lorraine Lindberg . If you would like a signed hard copy , just let me know , I would be happy to provide it to you . Lorraine has also indicated that she would provide you a signed hard copy , too . At your convience , I would like to visit with each of you . Sincerely , Kim .
Steve , Tiny sent me this note when he heard the news .
This recipe is from my Paris cooking class . It is supposed to be wonderful served chilled ( when we cooked it in class , we served it warm) . Be careful not to add too much cream since chilling it makes it a little thicker anyway . Also , after you puree it in the blender , Marie Blanche ( our cooking teacher ) recommends that you strain all of the chunks out with cheese cloth . She says the reason for this is so that the guests will have a harder time figuring out all of the ingredients . It is part of the Parisian mystery of cooking . Good Luck ! Kim .
Sherry , Thank you so much for your kind thoughts . I sure have enjoyed working with everyone . I will miss all the great personalities that we have assembled in ETS ! And , you can definitely count on me for being at The Nutcracker ! Thanks again , Kim :> )
Audrey , here they are . Thanks , Kim .
Shelley , Congratulations ! TW has a great marketing department and I know that you will enjoy working with everyone . Can we schedule lunch next week ? I would love to visit with you and share with you some of the things we have been working on to ensure a smooth transition . I am available on Monday , Wednesday or Friday . Tuesday is possible , I would need to move another appointment . Thanks , Kim .
Great . I'll put 11:30 on my calendar . Kim .
Audrey , Please reflect this change for John Cogan on the customer/phone/email list.Thanks , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
Thanks , Sue . Actually , today is my last day in the office . I will start with KMI ( doing Business Development ) in a couple of weeks . I've got your phone number , I'll call you when I know mine and we'll set something up for later this month . I hope all is well with Dynegy . Thanks again , Kim .
TK , FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , KIm .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
You have the paper copy of this . K .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , KIm .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , KIm .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
FYI , Kim .
J , please keep this for my files . Thanks , Kim .
Please detatch , resave , and run this file using your info and send it back to me . Thanks . Call if you have any questions . DG
ENA-IM Central ENA-IM Mkt Central CG ENA-IM Mkt Central MICH ENA IM Central Transport ENA-IM Ontario
*Ran Aruba and Sithe books in order to become familiar with risk procedures *Took over Intra Central book *Handled most of the OA issues on the desk *Run all calc sheet deals on the desk *Trained S . Palmer Enron North America Corp .
Bryce , I'll get it done today . DG 3-9573
We need to break out our Midcon region into two separate books starting with July production . We did this with the Market region a couple of months ago . If possible , I would like to use these two names: ENA-IM Mid Central South ENA-IM Mid Central North Please let me know what needs to be done in order to expedite this request . Thanks . DG 3-9573
ENA-IM Mid Central South Reliant Williams MRT ENA-IM Mid Central North Northern Border DG 3-9573
On second thought , it might be easier to allow the two books to have deals on any Central pipe . We will make sure that the deals are on the correct counterparty ( North or South ) DG 3-9573
Imelda , Please change the subregion code for all ANR ML5 deals from Market to Midcon . Also , the curve mapping needs to be changed as well . Mid Market IF-ANR/OK Gas Daily GDP-ANR/OK If you have any questions , please call . Also , will you please send me the latest version of the Central curve mappings . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Jay , I want to set up a monthly automatic transfer from my checking account but have had trouble getting a PIN number from the phone number that was mailed to me . I want to have $1,065 transferred into the CMA account; on the 15th of each month if possible . I would like $150 transferred into 226-27211 and then used to purchase the mutual fund already in the account , $175 transferred into 226-27210 and then used to purchase the mutual fund already in the account , and then have the remaining amount ( $740 ) used to purchase the mutual fund in the CMA account ( 226-27209) . Please help . Thanks . DG
This is the latest from Imelda .
Ron , Please add the following book to Tagg: If you need any additional information , please call . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Sure . DG
Gary , We need to add a new book in Tagg . Kam suggested I send the request to you . Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Does this mean that the two new Sitara books I requested are complete ? I looked in Sitara and could not find the new names . Please let me know . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Thanks . Sorry ,  I seem to be taking up alot of your time lately ! DG 3-9573
Gabriel , We recognized a total of $9,488 of Orig last night . All from FT-Central . Is the $468 from another book ? DG 3-9573
Done . DG
Stephanie , We are breaking up our Central Midcon region into two books beginning July 1 . To facilitate this , Sitara has set up two new internal books: ENA-IM Mid Central South & ENA-IM Mid Central North . It would be helpful if we could have any physical June EOL deals continue to be booked to ENA-IM Central but all physical July-out deals booked to the new books . The two traders involved are Kelli Stevens and Ed Smith . Kelli Stevens ENA-IM Mid Central South Ed Smith ENA-IM Mid Central North Please let me know if there is anything else I need to do to expedite this request . Thanks for your help . DG 3-9573
Sure . You know how to reach me . I'll be back in the office on Monday . DG
I wanted to show you when I sent this and how long it took to set it up . Go home before 11pm today ! DG
Any word on a stock for Carley's custodial account ? Also , I would like to talk about selling the Dell in my IRA and diversify some . Let me know what you think . I'm in Chicago and am returning on Friday afternoon . I can check my email . Thanks . DG
It looks better . DG
Audrey , I'm in Chicago now but I need to ask you some questions about a few Sitara deals . They are 298277 , 298283 , and 298296 . They are between EPMI and EMW . Are these deasl going to be settled by Unify ? Do we currently see Unify invoices/verifications for EMW or EPMI ? Thanks . DG
So who is the next Jayhawk coach going to be ? DG
I have been in Chigago for the last two weeks . The CD is in my desk in Houston . What is your location ? I can have it sent via intercompany mail . Sorry about this . DG
I am in Chicago right now and will not return until Monday . DG
I was wondering why you were waiting so long to respond . I'm glad he is staying . I think it says something about his commitment to the program he built . It also says a little about the Big XII . How are things in CO ? I'm in Chicago now but am heading for LA later this afternoon for Carlos&Y's shower . Take care . DG
Drew , Here is Agave for June . I also made a change to May . I was calculating the differential off of the wrong location index . DG
Physical Books CENTRAL 483279 Gulf Gas Daily & Price/Basis/Index Books If you have any questions , please call . DG 3-9573
Jay , I have the following transfers in place on a recurring basis beginning $1,065/mo from my checking account into 226-27209 I would like to make monthly purchases ( with the net amount transferred ) of the existing mutual funds in each of the three accounts . Buy $740/mo of APGCX in 226-27209 Buy $175/mo of APGCX in 226-27210 Buy $150/mo of APGCX in 226-27211 Call if you have any questions . DG
It seems as if I have caused some confusion . Last night's email attachment was the P&L that did not include People's or Origination's share of the total . Currently attached is the P&L that was signed off on last night . If you have any questions , please call . DG 3-9573
Done
Glad you had a good time . Next time we will have both SeaDo's working and hopefully the lake will be a little higher . We have your sandals . At least I think they are yours . I am in Chicago right now . We will try and get them to you soon . Use dgiron@enron.com for my email address . DG
I'm in Chicago again . I return this afternoon . DG
Jay , I looked over the info you forwarded but have decided to just buy two mutual funds . Unless you have a better suggestion , buy APGCX and MCGTX . And I really mean it when I say if you have a better suggestion let me know . It looks like the transfers worked properly . But are the automatic purchases of mutual funds in place ? I don't see the activity on the web page . Lastly , and I think this is just administrative stuff , Kristi's Roth IRA does not show up on the web or on the statements we receive in the mail . Thanks . DG
Last Friday I was trying to get into my account online but couldn't remember my password . After three unsuccesful attempts the system locked me out . I know my password now , but I am still locked out . Please help . DG
Please send me the Meta ID . I don't remember it . I want to make sure we have covered all of the counterparties . Thanks . DG
Gregg , I used the following counterparties in the query: Central Illinois Public Service Company Central Illinois Light Company Illinois Power Company Northern Indiana Public Service Company Nicor , Inc . Nicor Gas Company Nicor Gas Marketing Company Nipsco Industries , Inc . Nipsco Energy Services , Inc . NiSource Capital Markets , Inc . The only deals I came up with were with Nicor . If you have any questions , don't hesitate to call me . DG 3-9573
I have not received a response . Please help . DG
I did get your message and resume . I am waiting for a return call from a person in our IT group . I'll let you know what he says . DG
Do you have rooms available for 9/15 & 9/16 ? If so what are the rates for a room with a double bed ? Thanks . DG
I changed the counterparty name in Tagg DG
Have you heard about this ? DG
The new exchange deals for the EMW Park & Loan are 350499 and 350511 . DG 3-9573
Jay , Have you initiated the purchases in my Roth IRA ? I don't see the pending purchases online . Thanks . DG
Sean , How's CO ? I hope you are doing well . I know I have asked you before , but I seem to have accidentally deleted your dad and sister's email addresses . I want to ask you dad if he will be in town when KU plays Texas later in November . I want to bring the whole family . If you get a chance , shoot me a message with his info . My mom is vacationing in NY so I can't ask her . Thanks . DG
We are definately going skiing this winter . We have not been for over two years . I also want the kids to start skiing . Send all of your sisters if you have them . I'll put them in my address book and won't have to keep bugging you . Take care . DG
Done DG
Uncle Clark , How are things ? I hope this note finds you well . I wanted to see if you were going to be in town for the weekend of November 11th . I plan on bringing the whole group up for the KU-UT game that weekend . I can't believe it has almost been 4 years since we last visited up there . We are doing well here in Houston . Everyone is getting ready for the school year . In fact , Kristi has already started back . The kids begin on the 9th . Enron still seems to monopolize my time . But it's a great place to work . Let me know about that weekend . I hope you will be in town as I am looking forward to seeing you all . DG
Kim , How are you ? I got your address from Sean and wanted to make sure it worked . I just sent a note to your dad asking if he was going to be in town for the weekend of November 11th . I plan on taking the whole group up for the KU-UT game . I hope you will be in town as well . Let me know . Take care . DG
I love you
I told Dawn already , but my brother is getting married on the 16th . We can't make it . DG
Gary , We need to have two more books created as soon as possible . These need to be set up the same as the others(not as PA books ) Kam requested ( moving from and Intra book to an FT book) . Call if you have any questions . Thanks DG
Kevin , I just wanted to mention a few things . I'm sure you are doing them already most of the time , but they really need to be done on each and every deal . Link all physical Tagg deals by putting the Sitara number in the LINK field Put the Tagg number in the comments section of any Sitara deal also booked in Put the Tagg number in SCI for any Sitara deal also booked in Tagg Put the EOL number in Sitara and/or Tagg for every EOL deal Also , in Tagg there is a System of Origin field - Select Enron on Line for every EOL deal Manually rebook every EOL deal that fails - If you have trouble doing this , just let me know and I'll follow up . Thanks . DG
I have a friend who is looking to change employers . He is in the IT field . I was looking on the intranet and found this posting . Although , he would be interested in any similar job . I will attach his resume . What is the best way to get his resume in front of the proper people ? I would appreciate your opinion . I don't work in the IT field and really don't know anyone at Enron that does . Thanks in advance for your help . DG
I didn't get a good response from the one person I know in IT . So I am sending your resume out for some IT jobs I see posted on our intranet and have asked for help from the HR dept . I didn't think this would take so long . I appologize , but I am still trying . DG
Thanks . I'm obviously not very observant . DG
Well , I hate to write this , but I found out last night that I will have to be in Chicago next Wednesday thru Friday . Call me . DG
I believe we are in agreement on the new deal amounts . I held back $1,087,409 from the MEH book . The MEH book lost $ mostly because there was $20K added to the P&L last Friday . I did not add that amount back in tonight . I don't know what it is . I'll talk to you in the morning . Let me know if there is something you want me to send you . Thanks . DG
Could you please follow up on this . Thanks . DG
Lee , after I put in the deals , the system went down and I was not able to get them to calc . So they are not in these numbers . They will be tonight . See you guys later today . DG
I'm in the office . You need to look a a calendar to see when you can come up here . Hopefully for a weekend the Cubs are in town . I love you . DG
He started to cry last night when you said you were not going to sign him up . I think we can . Starting Sep 1 , I will not be running a book . I will be able to leave at a decent hour on scheduled days . So I will be able to help . Let me know what you think . DG
Daniel , Laura Luce would like to send the latest Enovate DPR to the chairman of People's Corp . But the copies we receive have some sort of protection which I'm sure you are aware of . Will you please send her the latest so that she can forward it to this guy ? Let me know if that is a problem . Thanks . DG I am in Chicago today .
How did everything go this AM ? I hope well . Today is you're first day of class , right ? Have a good day . I love you .
Remember to look at your school schedule so we can book our flights to Kansas .
OK
How was class ? I'll see you tonight .
It's no big deal , but I still can't see Kristi's IRA online . I also don't receive statements in the mail for the account . It looks as if the automated transactions worked this month . DG
Yes . Just after lunch if possible . It's bid week . Thanks . DG 3-9573
I'll see you at 1:00 DG
After looking over the deal , I need to ask Steve Jackson a couple of questions . So I probably will not be able to walk you through the deal today because I have some questions myself on a couple of the legs . I was hoping to get this done today . But for sure by the end of the week . I want to ask you some questions about how Richard wants the books to be changed . See you at 1:00 . DG
Kristi wanted me to send you a note saying we will be there for the game on Saturday . See you there . DG
I totally forgot about the weekly meeting . Sorry . Like I said yesterday , I'm working on getting new books set up for Chicago . I just need to follow-up with Mary Lynn on Friday before I submit requests . I'm also working on OA issues for July . I will teach a class on Thursday and next Tuesday to settlements about OA ( just basics like desk price , customer price , and liquidations) . In addition , I need to ask you a few questions about the Trunkline deal . When I meet with Mary Lynn on Friday , I am going to explain the deal to her . That's about it . Once again , I apologize about missing the meeting today . DG 3-9573
You should see this from Luchas tonight . DG Enron North America Corp .
Susan , Do you have a ticket for the above referenced deal ? I am trying to find Sitara numbers , but I don't have a ticket for the deal . Let me know . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Did you grant the $750 in orig from the ticket I gave you yesterday ? Let me know . Thanks . DG 3-9573
I hope you have a great day . I love you .
The deal was entered twice . I killed 279644 . I spoke with Michael , and he knows the deal has been killed . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Find anything good ? I love you .
Will you please send Richard Tomaski a version of yesterday's DPR that can be printed or forwarded . Thanks . DG 3-9573
I am in the process of getting these deals valued . I know what we have booked in Tagg as of now , but need to reconcile it to what People's has booked . I got something from Steve last time I was up , but it does not have deal terms . Could you ask Steve for a list that has the terms of each deal ? I don't even know his last name . Thanks . DG
You going to the game ? Let me know . DG
Thanks DG
West Anne Bike 5-7735 East Kyle Etter 3-9185
Done DG
Steve , Attached is a list of the Hub Deals we have currently in the system . I tried to reconcile them to the sheet you sent me but could not . Please take a look at these and give me a call . Thanks . DG
Please look over this and get back with me on any changes you would like to make . I am going to set up a new counterparty in our system: Enovate LLC . Under this new counterparty will be 3 books in Tagg: FT-ENOVATE , INTRA-ENOVATE , AND FT-INT-ENOVATE . The INTRA-ENOVATE book will hold deals such as the Trunkline deal and will retain Rho & Drift . The FT-ENOVATE book will be a flat book only used for the confirmation process ( deals must be in an FT book to be confirmed) . The FT-INT-ENOVATE book will pass Rho & Drift to the interest rate group . This book will be used for EMW related deals not specific to Enovate . The current entity Enron MW LLC will continue to be used and will have the following books in Tagg: FT & Intra NSS1 , FT & Intra NSS2 , and FT & Intra TP . FT and Intra MEH books will no longer be used . The P&L will sum the 3 Enovate books to arrive at one number . The other columns on the P&L(NSS1 , NSS2 , and TP ) will be unaffected . I had planned on just adding the Enovate books , but think we really need to set up a new entity as well . I have run this by accounting and have their approval . Let me know what you think and we will start the process . We will have this completed by the end of this month . Thanks . DG
Mark , I think I need some help reconciling what Steve Richman has and we have booked for the HUB deals . He sent me a spreadsheet with deals but I cannot even come close to tying them out to what we have booked in Tagg . Richard suggested I contact you since Steve is out . Attached is a list of deals we currently have booked in Tagg for the HUB deals . They need to be verified before I can calc them for value and positions . I will be out tomorrow , returning on Monday . Thanks for your help . Please call me with any questions . DG
Gary , I need some Tagg books set up for the Chicago office . I submitted a request this morning to create a new counterparty: Enovate , LLC which will be an Enron entity . Under Enovate LLC I need two books: FT-ENOVATE and INTRA-ENOVATE ( P,B,I & GD) . I also need a book which will fall under the current Enron MW , LLC counterparty: FT-INT-ENOVATE ( P,B,I & GD) . And as usual I need these as soon as possible . I will be out of the office on Friday but will return on Monday . I really need to get deals moved to these books by the end of next week . Please let me know if there is anything I need to do to help . Thanks as always . DG 3-9573
Diane , The Chicago region is just me . If you need my salary , let me know . I travel to Chicago about once a month ( $1,750/Trip) . I am a CPA so I like to take about 30 hours of classes per year . I sincerely apologize about my tardiness . Thanks so much for your help . DG 3-9573
Jay , There is still some cash in the custodial accounts . I wanted you to buy more of the existing mutual funds . Also , I am going to write a check out of my CMA account for more than the current cash balance . Do I need to sell some mutual fund shares ? Or is it automatic ? Let me know . Nice game in Palo Alto . Once again the Horns can't live up to the hype . DG
Susan , Attached is the completed book request form . I just want to clarify a few things . The first three books are for Tagg . The last two are for Sitara . I will need a region set up in CPR to hold the physical deals . Do you do this ? Or can you point me in the right direction . I really need this completed by the end of the week . Let me know if there is something else I need to do . Thanks for your help . DG 3-9573
I got this from some hunter friends . Thought you would like to read it . DG 3-9573
Enron North America Corp .
Regina , I need two Sitara books set up in a new region . The region can be called Enovate with the books IM Enovate and FT Enovate . They are part of the other Chicago books: Midwest , Midwest Program 1 , and Midwest Program 2 . I have attached the book request I sent Susan Trevino . Let me know if there is anything else I need to do . I want to make sure that the books are not only in Sitara , but also in CPR for valuation purposes . Thanks so much for your help . DG 3-9573
The deal number in Sitara was changed because of an internal book name change . It had nothing to do with the monetization status of the deal . If this has caused a problem , let me know . I didn't think that just changing the deal number would have this effect . Thanks . DG 3-9573 Enron Global Finance
Scott , Richard Tomaski wants one more physical book set up under the Enovate name while retaining the other books already set up . This counterparty name Enovate is replacing the Midwest Energy Hub . But wants to be able to differentiate deals done as solely Enovate with deals done as Enron Midwest . Call me if you have any further questions , or if this presents a problem . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Steve , Congratulations . Welcome back . I sent you a note and a spreadsheet with the deals we have booked in our system . I was trying to reconcile them to your list of deals . I could not . But I think the best thing to do is to simply start over and book the deals you tell me to . I just need the exact terms . I know it's your first day back and you are probably swamped , but when you get a chance , please give me a call . Richard wants me to have these deals valued by the end of this month's P&L . Thanks . DG
Genaro , The Sitara was not updated for Aug . I just corrected Sitara . So you can redraft in Unify . I attached the completed calc-sheet . Sorry for the delay . DG 3-9573
We have the NXAVC settle for Aug at $31.138 . So just pay the lesser of . DG 3-9573
Call me if you have any further questions . DG 3-9573
OK , so I really screwed up . I was getting the tickets out last night so I wouldn't forget them this morning and remembered that I am going to the airport , not the office . So I'll call you when I get in later this afternoon . I thought about FedEx , but don't want to take the chance that they get lost in the Enron building . I hope you travel via 290 to Austin because I think the easiest solution is for me to leave them at my house and you could pick them up on you way out . I also have a couple of EndZone passes with the tickets . Sorry for the screw-up . I'll talk to you this afternoon . DG
I think you forgot to attach the file . Send it to Kevin . I spoke with him about your questions . DG
Unbelievable !
Don't worry about it . If you can't go , you can't go . You are not going to pay for the tickets if you don't use them . Hope you feel better . DG
I'm in Chicago right now . I'll get with you on Monday . DG Enron North America Corp .
Richard Tomaski
I thought you might like this . DG
Jeremy , I want to move all deals currently in the INTRA-EMWMEH book into the FT-IM-ENOV book . Attached is a forwards detail by risk of the deals in question . Let me know if you have any further questions . I need this done this week if possible . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Regina , As we discussed yesterday , I need access to West deals in Sitara . At a mininum I still need access to all Chicago/Midwest deals also . Thanks . DG 3-9573
It looks like we need to be consistent in booking the GD spread deals . Take a look at the example and please remember to book all future deals in a similar manner . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . DG
I'm with you . I told my wife I thought it would be a 3 touchdown game , but a 49 point margin is unacceptable . I was at the game and it was as if the Texas coaches got a bunch of guys from the frat houses this week and put together a game plan on Saturday morning before kickoff . They were out of position , slow , unmotivated , and flat out not prepared to play . I like Brown and actually think he is a good fit , but at some point you actually have to coach . I lay this all at his feet . Obviously the coordinators bear some major responsibility as well . I really don't know what to expect for the remainder of the season . They obviously are not as bad as they showed on Saturday . But the fact remains that they are capable of playing that poorly on any Saturday , and I really did not think that with this defense they could be humiliated . I was very wrong . Something has to change . The fact is they are 3-5 in the last 8 games . And were favored in all but one . Lack of talent is no longer an excuse . I think the entire remainder of the season hinges on this Saturday . If they play as poorly as they have all season ( they have beaten 3 terrible teams , and lost to a bad one ) against Colorado , they will lose and I could see them finishing at 6-5 and even 5-6 not out of the question . For this reason , I think that this could be the biggest game of Brown's tenure at UT . What do you think ?
Mike , How goes it ? I was thinking about you guys this weekend . We were in town for the game ( if you want to call it a game) . We ended up staying at a friends place . I think that is the first time in quite a while we haven't seen you on this particular weekend . We are still plugging along . How about you ? I thought I heard you were buying a new house . Is that right ? Well , I just hadn't talked to you in a while and I saw you email address on a message from Sean . We are going up to KU for the Texas game again . I can't believe it has been 4 years since we were up there . Take care . DG
Lets try to get together this week if possible . Kyle wants to go as well . Let me know . DG
Lets do it on Friday DG
Chuck - I am now working on the West desk . In the future you can send these requests to Scott . DG
The date is good for the West desk . I will forward a headcount later today . DG 3-9573
Let me know sometime today if you want to do this . DG 3-9573
Put the West desk down for 5 people . DG 3-9573
Are we still on ? Where do you want to go ? I was thinking Mexican , but let me know what you think . DG 713-853-9573
Mike , The reason my mistake was not caught on the benchmark signoff procedure is that the postid in question did not have a net position . The procedure Rahmann showed you is where we check GERMS positions to the position reports we run using Excel queries . If a postid has a net position and is not officialized , it will be caught using this procedure . It will not , however , if the postid does not have a position . I understand the importance of officializing postid's , as does the entire West desk . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Have you seen this ? It's from Kevin , an Aggie .
Scott , These places carry the Onkyo receiver . I don't think they carry Polk , but ask them who you should call for Polk speakers . The place I got mine from a couple of years ago no longer carries them . I'm still looking . Lee's Audio & Video have the Onkyo listed at $629 . Their sight is at leesvideo.com J&R Music World 800-221-8180 Lee's Audio & Video 425-643-5555 DG
It should reference the EOL number . It looks af if Kevin did not link it up . I'll remind him . DG
Kevin , Please remember to link up all deals . By this , I mean Tagg numbers in Sitara , Sitara numbers in Tagg , Tagg numbers in SCI , and especially EOL numbers in Tagg . I just got a call about the park & loan on Friday . You need to put EOL as the system of origin and the EOL number . Thanks . DG
Mike , We are currently looking into a query which will allow us to see all of our officialized books each night . It is not ready now , but should be soon . I'll let you know . DG 3-9573
Please make sure we stay off the "list" . Thanks . DG
Try this and see if it does any good . DG
I don't think I am in the market for any stereo equipment . But I was thinking about trying to sell that land we apparently have through mom . What do you think ? I will never use it . Let me know . DG
Gather this info when you get a chance and give it to me . Thanks . DG
The macro in this file will query all official books for given Portfolio and Book codes . Use it to make sure all your postid's that need to be , are officialized each night . Thanks . DG
I will be there . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Jeff , If we give these reviews in late Jan or Feb of next year , I think I could review Chris , Jason , Anne , and Jennifer . I don't think I should review Dawn , Greg , or Kim . Although , if I were in their shoes , I would want you involved in some capacity . What do you think ? DG 3-9573 Enron North America Corp .
Put me down as primary with no secondary contact . Thanks.] DG 3-9573
Greg , I have some tickets available for the Missouri game at face value . Do you want any ? DG
Jeremy , Currently , all of our index deals are in the FT-WEST book . I would like to move them all to the GD-NEW book . I don't want to change any price or basis portions of a deal currently in the FT-WEST book , only index . Please let me know if you can do this . If you have any further questions , please call . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Sharon , I have the support you requested . I am at EB3262B . DG 3-9573
Jeremy , I have added two curves in Publ Names: WY/WELLHEAD and WY/MKTZONE . They are in curveview . Please add them to Tagg . Call me if you have any questions . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Doug , The Sitara numbers for both of these deals are in the comments section of each deal in Tagg . Do you have access to Tagg Deal Capture ? The Sitara numbers are 344737 ( NS3520 ) and 344952&343785 ( NS4159) . If you don't know where to look for these , let me know . They were both available in the systems . DG 3-9573
Jeremy , I need to have access to calc all books on a minibook level . Please let me know if you need any further information . Also , how my proposed index book move coming along ? Thanks . DG 3-9573
We have some new procedures for changing deals that affect other books . Please read and let me know if you have any further questions . You don't need to request minibook access individually . I have , so if needed we can run them on my machine . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Burton , Call if you have any further questions . DG 3-9573
I think Sitara deal 286147 is not pulling the correct price in Unify . The reference price is NWPL.RKYMTNS.GDP.DA and the particular month in question is 06/00 . When I look in the Tables database under June , there is no price . And what was pulled for the invoice back in June I don't think is correct . Please let me know what you find out . Thanks . DG 3-9573
This book is for the West desk . Please call if you have any questions .
You can start asking me about the West desk . We don't have any new books for this month . DG 3-9573
What do you think about us starting to workout together regularly ? Either at night or in the mornings , but regularly and for the long term . Maybe four times a week . Running and some weights in the garage . I would really like to start , even as hard as it will be , to make time for something like this . I love you .
I thought you might like this . Do you have a ticket to Chicago yet ? I don't think Jenny will have any luck getting hired in Risk . We pretty much rule anyone out without prior experience unless they are internal candidates . However , I have forwarded her resume to Settlements and Volume Management . I think she should get a call from them . How's life in Dallas ? Also , what is your new cell number . The Houston Cellular number no longer works . DG
This deal was EOL ID 520766 on the 25th . Neither the Sitara or EOL number is in Tagg . Please update the deal with the EOL and Sitara number . It is very important that you always put this information in Tagg . In addition , make sure you are updating Sitara with the Tagg numbers as well . Thanks . DG
Here's what happened .
I think it will be a very close game . Except for the fart against Colorado , you just don't bet against the Aggies at Kyle Field . OU is obviously a very good team . But I think more importantly , they are just playing great football . They make plays when they need them , and I know it sounds like sour grapes , but frankly , they are also getting lucky . When the QB heaves a pass 40 yds downfield off his back foot and it goes for a TD week after week , the football Gods are smiling on you big time . But regardless , you've got to admire Stoops and the job he has done . They have proven for three consecutive games that they can score almost at will against some of the best defenses in the country . And as far as the Horns are concerned , I still think they are just an above average team . They have beaten no one of any ( and I mean any ) significance . They were completely outclassed against the one ( albeit right now , the best team in the country ) good team they have played . And lost to a bad Stanford team . But the optimist in me says they are winning at home and that may result in a T+1 win . But right now , I think the Aggies have a better team . But if they start thinking about aTM , they will lose to both Tech and KU . They are not good enough to play poorly and win against decent competition . DG
Kathy , I don't think I will be able to make our meeting tomorrow . Can we pick it up again next week ? Thanks . DG
What time are you arriving on Friday ? We got box seats to the Bears game on Sunday . DG
Hector , I don't believe I am set up to review as a supervisor in the PEP system . How do I get this changed in the system ? Let me know . Thanks DG
Please add Carole Frank to the list . Her NT username is cfrank2 . Thanks . DG 3-9573
How was your morning ? I hope not too bad . I didn't get to sleep until 3am . I miss you and love you .
Will you two please get this info to Dutch . Thanks . DG
I can't remember if I forwarded this to you already . Thanks . DG
I am in Chicago today and tomorrow . I will look at this more while I am here . DG
Let's make sure we are doing this every night . I think Jason has been running the official post id macro most nights , but we need to have the last person finished do it every day . I sure can crank out the emails when I get some uninterrupted time to myself ! DG
Jeremy , I don't have access to run this book . Will you please get me authorization ? Thanks . DG
We are flying in on Thursday . We plan on renting a car and driving to your place . I'll update you on specific times early next week . Because me and the kids are using reward miles for our tickets , right now Kristi is not on the same flight that the three of us are on . We are all looking forward to seeing you . DG
Thanks . You can tell Phillip I'll have it fixed when I return on Monday . DG
The first email was what I sent to Burton and Susan . This is the confirmation from them that the book was set up . DG 3-9573
Hector , Kimberly S . Olinger is listed as reporting to me in the PEP system . She should be moved to Jeff Gossett . Thanks . DG Enron North America Corp .
On election day , you have to vote in your own precinct . You need to find your precinct number and then you can find the location on the web . DG
Sharon , I missplaced the info we were speaking about yesterday . Please send it to me again so I can follow up . Thanks . DG
Jeremy , I can calc postids for FT-NW but cannot print . Please help . Thanks . DG 3-9573
The kids and I are arriving at 9:45am on Thursday . Because of work commitments , Kristi is arriving at 12:30pm . The 3 of us will get a rental car and make our way to your place . Are you going to be home then ? Then we will go pick up Kristi later . We have no plans at the moment ( other than going to the game on Saturday) . We are leaving on Sunday at an awful time , though , 6:30am . They didn't give me many options using reward travel . We are all looking forward to the trip . See you on Thursday . DG
I can't believe it is already time for our trip up to Kansas . We are arriving on Thursday morning and returning on Sunday morning . Other than the game on Saturday , we don't have any plans . See you soon . DG
Sharon , We Schedule C'd the $50M difference . Let me know if you need further info or backup . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Please get this info to me and I will pass it on to AA . Thanks . DG
One more for you . Because you're special . DG
Me and the kids get in at 10am , Kristi has to stay a little later for work and will be in at 3pm . I was also thinking we could buy tickets at the stadium . Don't worry about not taking time off . See you Thursday . DG
I see Jennifer Bagwell in the system , but not Christopher Walker . DG 3-9573
Will , Jennifer Bagwell Jason Wolfe Chris Walker Anne Bike Carole Frank DG
Don't worry about picking us up at the airport . I will be careful and brave the elements . See you tomorrow . DG
It's done . I appologize for this taking so long . It won't happen again . DG 3-9573
Yes DG
Connie , I appologize for the tardiness of this list . I was out of the office last Thursday and Friday . Please call if you have any questions . DG 3-9573
Connie , I believe I misinterpreted your request . I have updated the list to include every book we officialize each night . DG 3-9573
OK , so the classes start this week . The first one will be on what to look for in a P&L and MiniBench to prove reasonableness . Will Kelly and I will present the class . We have a few items we want to go over , but I think the most beneficial part will be individual questions . So bring them if you have them . We are have split the entire Risk team into two groups . Our breakout is as follows: Carole Jennifer Jason Anne Chris Group 1 will meet this Wednesday @ 11:30am and Group 2 this Thursday @ 11:30am . We will have Chick-Fil-A for lunch . Thanks . DG
Susan , I believe this is all of the Enovate/EMW books that are officialized each night . Call me with any questions . DG 3-9573
Here is another one . It will be another Chicago book . We will never officialize the book . Thanks . DG 3-9573
I was going to last night , but it didn't sound like you wanted to talk . We had a great time . Only wish we could have stayed longer . It was cold but the game was fun . It was good to see the kids getting along as well as they did . We will try and make it a regular trip . We also spoke about maybe getting together in Dallas sometime next year . I need to go , but will talk to you later .
Eric , I am afraid I have not made that much progress on my assignment . I talked to ML Ruffer about the $1.2M basis swap . She does not specifically know about the deal , but does know she gave between $1M and $2M to the West desk out of a reserve behind the scenes . I don't know for sure , but this has to be how the $ got in the West P&L . It is booked on 11/12/99 which is between EC3952.P ( the annuity getting the unamortized $27M into the West desk ) and EC3952.S ( the annuity getting the $5M from Corp into the West desk) . I hadn't paid attention until just now , but Suzette Emmons booked the deal . She ran the transport book at that time . The physical buys from Canada ( EC2208.11 , EC3952.15 , and EC3952.11 ) are booked correctly in Sitara . EC3952.11 was changed by Kathy Reeves from ending in '08 to ending in '01 on 4/4/00 . However , the end date remains '08 in Sitara . I don't know why the term was changed . I have meetings almost all day . I will still try and investigate , but I know you were looking for some answers today . You may want to try and get in touch with Suzette and see if she remembers the basis swaps . DG 3-9573
Put me down for the 15th also . Thanks . DG 3-9573 Enron North America Corp .
I am still trying to recruit . It seems everyone is out of town that weekend . When is the deadline ? Let me know . Oh , I almost forgot , Congratulations! ! DG
We would love to do this .
I relpied to mom already , but thought you would want to see it .
Daniel , I show a net open position of ( 15.9 ) contracts . DG 3-9573
In addition: expert clauses - which ones need to be changed , when and why - what are reversals and why we use them - how to check physical prompt month value for potential errors - how to calculate physical prompt month value - checking the OA Flash tab . I am sure there are some others . DG
P&L is OK . Open position is 39.0 contracts . DG
Kathy , I tried calling but could not get you or your voicemail . Tomorrow is the first day of bidweek and I also have some other meetings to attend . I think we need to skip this week and pick up next Tuesday . Sorry for the inconvenience . DG
Russell , Here are our portfolio and book codes: Port Book L A P A Call me if you have any questions . DG 3-9573
Done . I did the 1999 changes as well . DG 3-9573
Uncle Clark , It just dawned on my that I never really thanked you for our visit . All four of us had a great time . It was so good to see all of you and especially great to see the kids get together and have so much fun . I really regret that as I was growing up , we really did not see that much of each other ( and by we , I mean the Kansas group and the Girons) . But even given that , I feel as if you all have been part of my life and every time we get together it's like we have always spent alot of time together . I guess that's why they call it family . So once again , thanks for your hospitality and we look forward to our next get together , wherever and whenever it may be .
Russ , I got this from Regina just before she changed groups . DG 3-9573
Russell , These are all of our book names: For Basis , add -BAS to the end of the book name . For Gas Daily , add -GDL to the end of the book name . Call me if you have any questions . DG 3-9573
I'll try and find out today .
I hope you have a good day back at school . I love you .
We'll see you there . DG 3-9573 I know this is very late notice , but up until yesterday I didn't think I was going to be free on Saturday . My brother-in-law is hosting a tournament on Saturday at Cypress Lakes , which is just off of Hwy 290 at Cypress Rosehill . In other words , BFE . $70 will get you a round of golf , lunch , and beer . He will have a keg . There will be prizes for the winners . It is a four man best ball scramble . Tee time is early: 7:30am . I sent this to guys I either know play or think play . If you have someone else in mind , feel free to forward the message . I don't have a team at all and wanted to see if anyone was interested . Let me know . DG 3-9573
I told her we would go .
Yes . I have 3 total so far . I'll keep you posted . DG 3-9573
Don't worry about how good you are . I'm terrible also . I've put you down as playing . I'll keep you posted . DG 3-9573
Not West deals . DG
Toni , Please let me know if I left anything out . Thanks for your help . DG 3-9573
The position will actually report to me . You can change it . Thanks . DG 3-9573 Enron North America Corp .
My fault on Tomas , I didn't remind Kevin . It won't happen again . DG 3-9573
I was going to forward the same thing to you yesterday , but didn't want you to think I was an asshole! ! DG 3-9573
I only have 3 - Am still trying to get a 4th . Jeff Sorenson Trey Logan
We have a 7:30 shotgun start tomorrow morning . We will have to pay and get out to our hole , so give yourself some time if you want to hit a few before we tee off . We still need one more person . Everyone else already had plans . If you know of anyone who would like to play , invite them and let me know his name . Unfortunaltey Jeff , you are the only guy who is any good . West on Hwy 290 Pass the Beltway - Remember I said it's BFE Exit Spring Cypress/Cypress Rosehill ( About 12 miles past the Beltway ) Go thru 2 stop signs ( First one is Spring Cypress-Second one is Cypress After 2nd stop sign , make first right ( there is not a stop sign at the intersection ) - I believe the street is Cypress Chase The road will dead end into a T Make a left and the course is on the right - You can't miss it I'll have my cell phone on if you get lost - 832-563-6328 . Call me if you have any questions . Thanks . DG 3-9573
West flashed on Friday DG 3-9573
Shelly , I am looking for an Analyst to fill a position in Gas Risk Management . I am the West Desk Controller and report to Jeff Gossett . I think a Book Administrator role is a good position for an Analyst . We have had success in with Analysts in our group . I think it presents a good opportunity for them as well . Please let me know how I can get on a list to talk with potential candidates . I am ignorant of the process , so if I am presuming something incorrect , I would appreciate info on how this is supposed to work . Thanks for your help . DG 3-9573
You're welcome . I had a good time also . We should play again sometime when it's not so damn cold . Looks like you were right about OU . I really thought they would lose to KState . DG
First of all , congrats on the big win this weekend . They keep proving me wrong . Second , sorry this is late . Friday was 1st day , our longest of the month . DRAFT This is a summary of where we stand from a Risk Management perspective on the PGT/Socal permanent assignment to Calpine Currently there are 5 deals in Tagg and 1 in the transport model . EC3952.O - Annuity where the West desk pays PGT ( from $.08987 to $.17308 ) on This deal will be unwound and this income ( approx $30M ) will fall out in the West desk EC3952.F - Buy from Canada of 30,000/Day thru Oct-08 at Malin for Index + EC3952.K - Sell to AEC of 30,000/Day thru Oct-08 at Malin for Index + $.00 As of now , these deals will remain unchanged in the system because AEC will not let us out of the firm contract EC2208.B - Buy from Canada of 22,500/Day thru Oct-08 at Malin for Index - EC3952.B - Buy from Canada of 15,000/Day thru Oct-01 at Malin for Index - These deals will be unwound , but discussions between Philip Allen and ? ? ? will reveal details not known at this point in time ( Bid/Offer ) Transport Model - Kingsgate to Malin capacity of 67,500/Day beginning Nov-08 thru Oct-23 This deal will have to be unwound or killed - Currently the deal is valued at approx $12M in the West Desk After unwinding these deals , the West desk will be kept whole , the remainder will be granted out in orig . This is my first go at it . Let me know of any revisions you want . DG 3-9573
I saw that about Mackovic - He's a good fit in the Pac10 . Who do you take in the Orange Bowl ? FSU is -11 . That sure seems like alot of points . DG
Kathy , Attached are two files: a mini-book of EC3952.O run for Nov-08 thru Oct-23 and a copy of the deal in the transport model . The file is too large to email . There are two tabs: the first contains deal terms and the second is a copy of the P&L sheet as of 12/4/2000 . Call me with any questions you may have . Thanks for your patience . DG 3-9573
I will be at the dinner tonight . DG 3-9573
I vote for next week . And since I didn't get involved in the prior discussion , I think a class on craps is in order . DG
Pull this together and then call Sharon so they can come get the copies . Thanks . DG
We want to , but I'm not willing to put up the cash . I'm also thinking how mad I'd be if I did spend the $ and we got punked . DG
It was good . There were about 20 . It took too long , we didn't leave until 10pm . They sure can spend the $ DG Enron Capital Management
Dawn , Jay and Randy are on the list , but I left them blank . I also populated Paul Lucci and the Chicago traders . Jim Simpson is a Chicago trader not on the list . He would be FT-IM-ENOV for P,B,&I . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Your phone is not going to voicemail so I can't leave a message . DG 3-9573
Jeremy , I set up these new curves this morning and need them added to Tagg Call me if you have any questions . Thanks as always for your help . DG 3-9573
I agree . DG 3-9573
Andrea , If I left anything out , please let me know . Also , we have an office in Chicago and they are looking for an Analyst also . I have some responsibilities for the Chicago region as well as the West region here in the Houston office . Richard Tomaski ( 312-541-1231 ) is the lead trader in the Chicago office and I told him I would mention this request to you . Will you please call him at your convenience so he can elaborate on the situation . Thanks . DG 3-9573 Enron North America Corp .
I forwarded your request to Luchas Johnson . He runs the G-Daily-Est book . DG 3-9573
Please read . Thanks . DG
Pretty nice . I had never even heard of this vehicle . DG
We released $75M tonight . DG 3-9573
We really need to pick up again next week . Potential topics: How Systems Interact ( Sitara,CPR,PortCalc,Tagg,Unify,Excel,Etc.. ) Curves ( Setting,Mapping,Pipe/Zone,True Up) . I'm sure there are others . DG 3-9573 Enron North America Corp .
Patrick , See if you can help this guy . I don't have access to Denver deals . DG
Thanks for the info and letting us slide one in . DG 3-9573
I want to run something by you . It sounds like we have some sort of budget for Friday night . I would like to offer everyone the opportunity to bring someone with them but also explain that we may not be able to pay for it all . I guess the reason is I would like to have Kristi come with me , but am willing to pay for her . I would like to do the same for everyone else , but don't want to offend anyone with the possibility that they may have to pay a little $$ . Let me know what you think . Thanks . DG 3-9573
I just would not want to be the only person to bring someone . So if we don't offer this to everyone , I won't bring her . I don't have a problem with it , just wanted to see what you thought . DG Enron North America Corp .
We released more tonight . DG
Dawn , Kam is out so I checked for Central also . DG
Quick , give me a cheap stock that looks promising . DG
DG
Thanks . Bought Travelocity.com . I had some extra cash sitting around in my DG
I watched the second half . He is a stud . Westlake actually had a good defense also . I think he wast the first back to run for 100 yds . We know some people from Midland . They say he is a gangsta . But they also say Roy Williams is a great kid . Thanks for the info yesterday . DG
Please read . DG
Dawn , The deals look good in both Tagg and Sitara , but the link field in Tagg has not been populated with the Sitara number . When will this be ready ? Thanks . DG 3-9573
Please read . DG
Please read DG
I have to work on the 26th , but I could come by after work . I think Kristi and Carley got me sick too . DG
Done DG
Your UA4 is 12,000 MMBtu and $103,800 . The P&L is attached . The total daily is $471,793 before any sharing . DG Enron North America Corp .
It would help if I attached the file . DG
I just wanted to pass along my thanks for the efforts of your team . The automatic bridge to Sitara and Tagg will save us an extraordinary amount of time; especially during bidweek . I know there are others who deserve thanks in addition to Dawn , so please let them know we appreciate their hard work as well . I don't want to seem greedy , but I'll ask anyway . When do you think we will be able to get the Sitara number entered in the Link field in Tagg ? Also , can we get the Tagg number entered in SCI ? Thanks again . DG 3-9573
OK
Happy Holidays ! It looks like we will be going skiing in Colorado from March 11-16 . I wanted to see if you were going to be in town during that time and see if we could come by and see you . It would most likely be on the 10th and then the 16th . We are staying at a place from that Sunday night thru Thursday night . Let me know . I hope Santa was good to you all . DG
Jim , I didn't top level that amount tonight . The Central desk has the other side of the transaction and if I backed your portion out , then the loss would be double counted . It will correct itself tomorrow . DG
My employee in question fell out in "Needs Improvement" because of the lack of time in her position . DG 3-9573
It is good for me . DG 3-9573 Enron North America Corp .
I am interested in buying a pair of MB Quart speakers , specifically the RWC 130 . It is a 5.25" Midrange speaker . What is your price ? Thanks . DG 713-853-9573
OK DG 3-9573
Questions: What does being short/long a position mean ? What is curve shift ? What affects curve shift ? What are the basic components of a P&L ? What is a swap ? What are different types of swaps ? What is basis ? What is MTM value ? What is Accrual value ? What do you consider stress in the workplace ? How do you handle stress ? Examples of a stressful situation ? What do you consider long work hours ? Some aren't technical . I don't have any problem solving questions . DG
OK , NG5405.1 instead of NG5401.1 NW7984.1 instead of E22563.6
The $1.7M is in Jim's book . He asked me to hold it back because he thought the curve for ChiGate was set too high and he was making too much on Friday . I think the $ is real , and it will be released before year end . I don't know about the annuity . Kevin will return tomorrow and he will have to follow up with you . I'll send the prior day P&L's tonight . DG
DG
I agree . The honeymoon will be over begining next season . I am growing weary of teams "tricking" us early in games . Too me , that translates to "outcoached" . Maybe I'm being unreasonable , but they should have the talent next year . We'll see . You had to love OSU kicking the shit out of the domers . Looks like Erickson has brought the thug factor back into college football . DG
Andrea , Is it possible to get a list of first year analysts who graduated in December to interview for my group ? I don't know how the process works , but I would like to hire a candidate just out of college if possible . Thanks for your help . DG 3-9573
Yes , they are . I made the change . DG 3-9573
Andrea , The locations are all the same because I'm not sure exactly where they will sit . The Cost Center is for my desk ( West) , and this will most likely change as well . I think we need to meet them to see where they would be a better fit . Thanks . DG 3-9573 P . Ryan O'Rourke Energy Operations Bart Roy Burk , Jr . Energy Operations Errol McLaughlin Energy Operations Enron North America Corp .
Believe me , I understand why you want him in your group . But I lose Jennifer on Jan 24th and Chris on Jan 26th . You have two months on one guy and six on the other . I have 3 weeks on two people and Jason will be leaving soon because he is in the new trading track program . I don't want to be an asshole , but I won't give him up unless I'm forced to . Enron Capital Management
Done DG 3-9573 Enron North America Corp .
Molly , The Job ID is 106820 . I would like to get her in for an interview early next week . Let me know if there is anything else I need to do . Thanks for your help . DG 3-9573
Thanks , I got it yesterday . DG
Maybe one of the guys is Long Duck Dong from 16 Candles DG
What is your price for a MB Quart QM218.61Q ? DG
What is your price on an MB Quart RKC116 ? DG
Andrea , We would like to bring Sladana Anna Kulic into the Risk Management group . The location may change . Energy Operations David Baumbach Thanks . DG 3-9573
We have two new Analysts in this group , and therefore should probably go to this . I nominate the two of you . DG 3-9573
Bill , I need to have FT-DENVER set up in TDS . The trader is Jay Reitmeyer . There are two Tagg books that need to be mapped to this: FT-DENVER and INTRA-DENVER . The following people in Risk need access to the book: Darron Giron , Chris Walker , Pat Ryder , Jason Wolfe , Carole Frank , Anne Bike , and Jennifer Bagwell . I also want it to roll up into ALL-WEST . Call me if you have any questions . Thanks for your help . DG 3-9573
John , The Sitara deal for the West Region is 555798 DG 3-9573
I would love to go , in fact , PLove is going along with some other Enron people . But I'll be skiing in Colorado . How's the system ? Did you get the other speaker yet ? We have a Christmas present for you . We want to find a weekend when we can come up . Most likely with the kids . Let me know . DG
Andrea , We would like to bring Bradley D . Jones into the Risk Management group . The location may change . Energy Operations Thanks . DG 3-9573
Toni , The following people will interview the candidates: Jeff Gossett Will Kelly Phillip Love Dave Baumbach Errol McLaughlin We will interview them two at a time . Meaning two of the above referenced people will be in the room at the same time interviewing the candidates . You can contact Irena Hogan for scheduling . If you have any questions , let me know . I will be in Chicago Tues and Wed . I will be back in the office on Thurs . Thanks . DG Enron North America Corp .
This is a physical deal . Leg 4 is unwinding Leg 1 . Leg 1 had the Price and Basis components and Leg 3 had the Index component . I am in Chicago today and tomorrow . If you have any further questions , please let me know . DG Enron North America Corp .
Both of us are out of town right now . I'm in Chicago and Kristi is in Roundtop ( outside of Brenham) . I'll let you know . We may be spending the night at the lake . But I'm not sure . DG
Mark , I'm in Chicago right now and will return on Thursday . Let me know if you can wait until then . Thanks . DG
Could you please read this request and get back to Mark with the info ASAP ? Thanks . DG
I asked people in my group to respond to you . Let me know if you don't have anything by tomorrow . DG
AA is all over me today . Please get this for Mark . Thanks . DG
Thanks . DG We can come . It is cold up here . I return later today . See you later . DG
How goes it ? I'm in Chicago right now . I am back in Houston tomorrow . I'll follow up then . See ya . DG
I didn't realize she sent it to the entire company . DG
Thanks . I think I can get them both done tomorrow . DG
I just spoke with Toni . She should call you soon . Let me know if you don't hear from her today . Thanks . DG
Sounds good . I'm available just about any day over the next few weeks . DG
Done . Sorry it took so long . DG
Could you please let me have a signed original copy of your review . Thanks . DG
See if this works . DG
Frank , I know this is late . I appologize . I need some help with the development plan . The review is complete . Let me know if I need to change some items . Thanks . DG 3-9573
Mike , DVD time huh ? I like my player , but there is a substantial premium for it . And actually , Sony has come out with the next evolution of the mega DVD changer . I think it lists for $900 , but can probably be had for $600-$700 range . It is also huge . I'm not trying to talk you out of it , just let you know of the downside . Both models have identical specs , so quality is not an issue . Let me know if you have anymore questions . DG
You guys crack me up . I've been out of town , and just generally swamped , so I haven't looked at alot of email . Just went through some . Keep'em coming , I need the entertainment ! How about Carruth ? Where's Cochran when you need him ? DG
Done DG
Genaro , This is a Central deal . I work on the West Desk . I am forwarding it to the appropriate people . DG 3-9573
Please contact Mark and provide him with the documentation he needs . Thanks . DG
Please read . DG
Russ , Org Region Code Tagg Book Code WEST GD-NEW DG 3-9573
Please flip these if applicable . DG
Bring him in DG
It's going to be wait and see for me . I have a few issues this morning . Let me know where you're going to be and I'll try to make it . DG
Hey , What's going on ? I wanted to get up to date on recruiting . I also wanted to ask you something . I heard some info from my wife regarding a kid that was recruited and commited to UT from Jersey Village . DG
My wife told me that UT pulled the offer from Robinson . Do you know about this ? I couldn't find it on the boards . DG
I don't know . She just told me this morning and I hadn't heard about it . I told her to get more info . I don't know if he is a good student or not . DG
Ernie , Let me know if you have any questions . DG 3-9573
Lunch next week DG
Greg , I got confirmation from the Head Coach at JV that AR is not going to UT . He scored a 760 on his SAT and apparently overslept a retake exam . So I don't know if they actually pulled the offer , but it sure sounds like it . Either way , the coach told my wife he will not be a Horn . The coach is really DG
Guess who was at JV yesterday ? aTm coaches . Seems like we have been losing some players lately . How do we stand ? DG
I got it . I love you too .
Sorry wrong address DG
Thanks DG
Thanks . And I won't ! DG
Any word on her review ? Let me know . Thanks . DG
Thanks . DG Enron North America Corp .
I'll try to find one .
Here they are Call me if you have any questions . DG 3-9573
West is done . DG
Jay , I changed the FTS monthly amount from $1,065 to $715 as previously discussed . It is effective Feb 20th . I need to change the amount transferred to account 586-61L86 from $150 to $175 and to account 586-61M19 from $175 to $200 . I also submitted a transfer of $1,000 into my CMA account . I would like to transfer $500 each into account 586-94017 and account 586-94019 . This is my 2001 contribution to the Education IRA's . Let me know if I need to do anything else . Also , when are the recharacterizations from Roth to Traditional going to take place ? I will need a 1099-R for the transactions I think . Call me if you have any questions . Thanks . DG
Yes we did . DG
Shawn , Unfortunately , I am out of the office this morning with a sick kid . I will not be able to make the 10:30am interview . I appologize for the short notice . DG
Troy , I'm out of the office this morning . I'll get back to you later about the variance . But just so you know , Kevin's reported P&L was understated by the $188K on the OA Flash tab . He made an error in the sharing calculation . DG
I think everyone got the list . Make sure we are using it . Thanks . I should be in later this afternoon . DG
Rick , Unfortunately , I had to cancel . I had a sick kid and just made it into the office . DG
Jim called me about this and I asked him to email me . But all these storage facilities are on the East desk . DG
Joe , Call Pat Ryder for West desk requests . DG
I will be able to interview at either time . I selected the late time on the email , but wanted to respond to make sure you received it . DG
I received the item . DG
How are you feeling ? I'm very tired and stiff . I've been thinking , and I know you feel like I make all of the decisions around our house when it comes to $ . So I want us to do what you want on the pool and a car when it comes to financing . I will completely agree with whatever you think we should do . And I'm not doing this for any other reason except that I want you to know that I value your judgement and ideas . Have a great day . As always , I love you very much .
It's a funny joke , but obviously not written by a married guy ! DG
Jay , Give me a mutual fund to buy for the Ed IRA accounts . DG
I just looked at their sight . They seem like a reputable company . It's a store in Manhattan , NY . The only thing to be concerned about when ordering by phone or online is when there is a problem with the unit . It is more of a pain in the ass to mail it back than to just take it to Circuit City or Best Buy . But a Sony DVD is very reliable and you should not have a problem . I'd pull the trigger , that's a great price . DG
Chris , I'm sure there are some I missed . I beleive some of these books have not been used for quite some time . Let me know what else you need from me . Thanks . DG
Hey , Brent has started a softball team to play on Sunday evenings . He wants to know if you are interested . DG
I just approved the 13th and 14th . DG
We are taking a hit of $28,900,000 on tonight's P&L for Dec-00 production . DG
How goes it ? I wanted to check in with you and make sure we are still on for March . I also need to let you know we will have an extra person besides the four of us . He is the kid of some people who are driving up and is flying with us . I hope this is OK . He can acutally babysit so maybe we can go out one night . Let me know . Also , I just hired a KU kid just out of undergrad school . He's pretty bummed out about Baylor . Talk to you soon . DG
Yes DG
I have 3 new employees and they are working on the first unit . My 3 existing employees are working on their second and third . So far so good . I think it is good that we have put the responsibility on them to learn the material . I have not heard of any negative response . I'll keep you posted . DG
Sheri , We are going to NO for JazzFest at the end of April . April 27th-29th to be exact . Let me know if you're going . DG
We arrive in Denver on Saturday evening ( the 10th) . We will stay that night and leave sometime on Sunday for Silvercreek . We will return to Denver on Friday the 16th and stay the night . Our plane back to Houston is early Saturday morning . We are staying at a place in Silvercreek ( I had not heard of this place before Kristi's friends made the plans ) for 5 nights . I think we want to ski there and possibly in Winter Park ( it is supposed to be within 15 miles) . How's the weather in Denver these days ? We look forward to seeing the two of you . Thanks . DG
If you have any questions about this let me know . It will be a pain in the ass if the deal is between Enovate and Oneok but is then flipped to EMW to manage . There will be twice as many legs and the volumes will need to be adusted at minimum on a monthly basis , and likely a weekly basis . Again , let me know if you need anything . DG
I will attend DG
Please make sure this guy gets what he needs . Thanks . DG
Chris , We are taking $100M to Schedule C tonight . I don't know when it may be released . DG
This deal is related to the long term transportation that was sold to Calpine , but it is correctly booked as a physical forward sale at Malin . DG
Please take care of this if you have any to be flipped . Thanks . DG
Please read DG
We are removing the $100M from Schedule C that was put there on Friday . DG
I can't believe that I said what I did this morning . It was selfish and I sincerely appologize . I don't know what I was thinking or why . Well , I just listened to your message and I deserve all of it . Even though you may not believe it . I do love you , but many times cannot justify my actions . I love you very much , and will call you later .
Get this to Jim . DG
Sean , I found out that Silver Creek is a very small resort close to the town of Granby , CO . It is acutally 15 miles north of Winter Park and 2 miles south of Granby along Hwy 40 . We are staying at a condo there from Sunday night ( 11th ) thru Thursday night ( 15th) . I indicated we would like to go to Winter Park because we have been there and it is close . We want to ski 2 days in Silver Creek and 2 days somewhere else . If you can make it during the week to Keystone , then yes we will go there instead of WP . I would love to go to an Avs game , but we will probably need to be on the road by late afternoon on Sunday . Once again , we get in on Saturday ( 10th ) about 9pm . That's pretty late so we may or may not be able to do anything that night . We will leave on Sunday ( 11th ) for Silvercreek and be back in Denver at your place on Friday ( 16th) . Then our plane back to Houston is early Saturday ( 17th ) morning . If you can get away during the week to ski , that would be awesome . Thanks for all your hospitality . See you soon . DG
No , we will go to Keystone instead of WP . We are paying either way , and so it doesn't matter to me . Also , I have never been to Keystone and would like to go . And I will have a rental car . We are looking forward to seeing you . DG
Mike , This is the email from Bryce , who is the Manager of physical gas settlements . Attached is my summary for the West . DG
Thanks . I noticed Lisa indicated that Linda was getting additional info . Is it ready ? Mike Grigsby , who is the head physical trader on the desk asked about Tenaska . He thinks that they also charged us . Please let me know . Thanks again . DG
I do DG
OK , that's funny . DG
Jennifer , Phillip Allen and Keith Holst indicated that the curve changes in question for Socal was simply due to a higher forward market . Let me know if you have any further questions . DG
Done DG
Dawn , Didn't you used to work on the West desk ? DG
Jim , This file has the volumes for the liquidations . DG
OK DG
Burton , Thanks for your help . I need to use this tomorrow . DG
Hey , How goes it ? I need your brother's phone numbers . I am staying with him tomorrow night , but don't have directions . We have only been communicating via email . I hope you get this today . Thanks . DG
I need directions and phone numbers . Call me at home tonight . 281-304-8303 . Thanks . DG
Burton , The file will be called GD_NEW DG
Users will be the entire West Desk: Anne Bike Pat Ryder Ryan O'Rourke Carole Frank Elizabeth Shim Kristen Clause Thanks . DG
OK
I don't know if you got any of these while I was out . DG
Yes we did . We had a great time . I heard Christine is pregnant again . How are you doing ? After a week off , I realize how much work sucks ! DG
I think we need to hire this guy . DG
Kathy , I have a conflict today at 1pm . We either need to reschedule or meet next week . Let me know . I have lost your phone number . DG
Our phsical post id last night was 1075424 DG
Tricia , Please send these to Kristen Clause in the future . DG
Jeremy , Please add Eric Moon to the list of users for the Canadian Logic On/Off script . Thanks . DG
I got a bill in the mail for an annual IRA fee . Can I just transfer from my CMA ? DG
I get an error when I try to approve this . DG
I sent a MB Quart speaker back on 2/19 because it was making a buzzing sound . It was recieved on 2/26 . Do you have any idea how long it will be before I get a replacement ? Thanks . 14343 Millstone Estates Ln .
Jennifer , NGI-PGE/TOPOCK is an internal curve used to value transport and is equal to NGI-SOCAL . This curve will probably show up every month because the West Coast is very volitile . The change is due to a change in the market . IF-TW/PERMIAN is a production area curve . The change is also due to market changes that drove up the curve . Call me if you have any questions . Thanks . DG 3-9573
I have 3 flat screen monitors and a Sun monitor . DG
Trey , User DSN Name Driver CPR HOUSTON Oracle 73 dBASE Files Microsoft dBase Driver ( *.dbf ) DSS41_SERVE SQL Server EGS Test Oracle 73 Excel Files Microsoft Excel Driver ( *.xls ) FoxPro Files Microsoft FoxPro Driver ( *.dbf ) inf prod Oracle 73 MS Access 97 Database Microsoft Access Driver ( *.mdb ) Text Files Microsoft Text Driver ( *txt , *.csv ) System DSN Name Driver MQIS SQL Server New RMS Production Oracle 73
I'm in for lunch . DG
I appologize for the delay . I was on vacation when you sent the first request and somehow didn't see it when I was going through a week's worth of emails .  I have a person in my group getting the information together . We'll let you know when it is complete . DG
Done . DG
I will make it DG I changed the deal but thought you would want to see the correct name of the DG
Randy , Could you please send me the info on the ethics course ? Thanks . DG
Thanks , I just ordered it . DG
Done DG
We added $75M so Schedule C tonight . DG
Please get this info to Jim . Thanks . DG
Here it is . Let me know if you have any questions . DG
Is it really necessary to change the book names just to avoid confusion ? Who is confused ? Can't we just inform those who need to know that the Denver books are simply another desk that rolls up into the West Region ? I don't want to be difficult , but it will require a great deal of time and effort to change every deal in the Denver books to a new name . Let me know what you think . DG 3-9573
Jay , Check out this site . Click on IRS e-file Partners to see third party sites on which to file electronically . I hope this helps . DG
Grant is gonna be pissed ! DG
Everything is OK over here . I heard about the spring game . 31K is alot of people for a game that doesn't count . Who is buying your company ? If it goes south , I'm sure I can get you on over here . Let me know how it turns out . We need to get together for lunch again . Can you on Friday ? DG
Irena , One thing that would help me out the most is when new people start in the group , we have all of their applications and passwords ready to go . Other than that , I think you guys do a great job . Thanks . DG
I won't blame you if you don't get that requested info to me . I migrated to Windows 2000 and it had an old address book . Sorry . DG
No , I sent the email to you by mistake . We will be at Sheri's tomorrow . How do you know her ? Is it through Dawn ? When Sheri sent the message to everyone , I noticed your name on the list and called to ask , but you didn't pick up , and I didn't leave a message . DG
We granted a total of $320K ( $220K to you and $100K to credit reserve ) by mistake . We will take the extra $100K in orig from you tonight . I appologize for the error . DG
I changed the deal to $14,028 DG
We are updating the pricing today . I'll let you know when it's finished . DG
You can get good speaker packages , but many of them are not really good . I'll bring some magazines that have articles on some good speaker sets . You can also just put your own package together . If you do this make sure the speakers are of the same brand . This is what I did for Scott . Many of the speaker packages use 5 small speakers and a sub . But I suggested larger front L&R speakers to Scott for playing music . Any decent receiver will have a decoder built in . And I do have some brand names , but it really depends on how much you are willing to spend . I'll go through my stash of magazines tonight and see what I can find for you to read . DG
Instead of sending $ in and pulling $ out every month , I am going to stop sending $ into the CMA account starting this month . I actually have already done this on the web . What I need you to do is to stop the monthly purchase of APGCX for $340 begining this month . Also , any idea if I am going to receive a 1099 for the recharacterization of the IRAs ? I noticed online that the Roths are now zero . Thanks . DG
I get an error when I launch the program in Access . DG Enron North America Corp .
Nipple Nibbler DG
I got it shortly after I emailed . Thanks . DG
The NYMEX was closed on Friday so I was off . We can try this week if you're available . DG
No interns . As long as my group stays intact I won't need anyone in August . I think Anne will stay past her 1 year and everyone else is relatively new . I do like having analysts though and think we would rather be long than short . DG DG
Greg , Transport Deals/Transport Model Excel , Access , Pub Posting , TDS ) These are mostly basic . DG
Jeff , I think Risk can do two things to improve the process: have more of us involved in the process so they actually see the implications of booking deals incorrectly and actively following up on recurring problems . This last one I am particularly bad about . I will see a variance that is rather small and just take it without looking into the underlying cause more carefully . I think the OA group in general should take a more active approach in preventing problems rather than just identifying them . But I know that is easier said than done . DG
Done DG
Mom , Are you leaving on Saturday or Sunday ? I thought yesterday you said Saturday . I feel much older today . DG
Yes DG
11:30am it is DG
Kristi said you called on Saturday . I was golfing . What did you think about the draft ? I thought LD was a good college player , but not great . Everyone seems to think he will be an All-Pro type player before he's done . As long as he works hard , I think SR would make the best Pro . But what do I know ? DG
Well , I win the award for ass of the week and probably the year . I really can't begin to apologize enough for Tuesday . I won't offer an excuse . Guys on the Central desk asked me a question as soon as I hung up with you , and before I knew it , it was around 2:30pm . But the worst part is , I didn't realize what I had done until later the next day . It was disrespectful and I sincerely apologize . I do have a conflict tomorrow . And I will understand if you want to stop the sessions . Thanks . DG
Jennifer , The market just traded higher in the West in general during the month of March compared to February . That is why we see the shift in NGI-MALIN and NGI-PGE CG . As for IF-CIG WIC , it was also the way the market traded . Other Rocky Mountain points were similar . Please call if you have any further questions . DG
Sorry . I just did . DG
I asked Keith Holst ( trader ) again . His answer was the same . There were more buyers than sellers in the West during March , hence the price was stronger . Thanks . DG
A GC for either $ or for one of those Day Spas . DG
It worked DG
Happy Birthday! ! What did you get ? DG
I will be out this Friday . DG
Take a look at this for me . Thanks . DG
Take a look at this for me . Thanks . DG
I wanted to see if the address worked . We had a good time in NO . We definitely want to go back . It was really crowded , but fun . The weather was good and the food was great . How is DC ? Have you seen any of the sights yet ? I wanted to ask if you can help with C&C on the 16th and 17th of May when we are in Chicago . I know your schedule just got alot more hectic , so let me know . They can stay in Conroe on Fri and Sat . We leave Wed night and return Sun morning . It would mean be staying at our house on those nights and getting them to school . If you can't , we will try to get one of the neighbors . Thanks . See you when you get back . DG
Czar Gironov Sweet
The WEST-PERM deals have been flipped . DG
How was Cabo ? I'm sure it was great . DG
I just wanted to say thanks for letting us stay last weekend . We had a good time . We are already looking forward to doing it again next year . DG
Please add Elizabeth Shim to the Book Admin list on the Web sight . Her Tagg user name is: ESHIM . Thanks . DG
Thanks . I also noticed that we have some books that are not listed under US GAS WEST but should be . I cannot change tha Trading Group . Do you do this as well ? The books are: Thanks . DG
No positions . Archive . DG
Jay , I can't see the new IRAs on the web site . It's no big deal . But I would like to have them linked . Thanks . Did you go to the playoff games ? It's been a long time coming . DG
Done . DG
I'll try it . 1.I have heard this before , but just can't remember 2.Niagra Falls 3.No idea . Probably something like rubarb 6.They put the bottle on the pear when it is little and tie it to the tree . It grows inside the bottle . 7.dwindle , dwarf , dwell , dweeb 8.comma , period , semicolon , colon , apostrophe , exclamation point , question mark 10.error , hit by pitch , fielders choice , strike out ( then passed ball or wild pitch) , catcher interference , 12.socks , sandals , shoes , slippers , stockings , skis ( i don't know if that counts )
Eric , Please follow up with Joe about how we arrived at the amounts on the annuities . Thanks . DG
Frank , Attached is my PBA nomination for Anne Bike . Let me know if I left anything out , or need to do anything else . Thanks , DG
Tell Dan that a glacier moves forward , not backward . On a balk , the batter does not advance , only the baserunners . But he may have a point with cricket . DG
Here they are , Trader Book Admin Grigsby's Physical Book Kristen Klause Grigsby's Financial Book Anne Bike Moniqe Sanchez Anne Bike Phillip Allen Elizabeth Shim Steve South Elizabeth Shim Janie Tholt Elizabeth Shim Matt Lenhart Elizabeth Shim Tori Kuykendall Elizabeth Shim Randy Gay Elizabeth Shim Keith Holst Ryan O'Rourke Frank Ermis Carole Frank Jay Reitmeyer Carole Frank Let me know if you need anything else . DG
I must be jinxed . Kristi and I are leaving for Chicago tomorrow and will be there through the weekend . So we will not be there on Saturday . Sorry . We really wanted to come . We are going to see the 'Stros play at Wrigley on Thursday afternoon . It should be fun . See ya . DG
I can't remember if I RSVP'd or not . I will be there with my wife . Thanks . DG
Mike , In my opinion Onkyo is just a better quality product than Kenwood , thus the price discrepancy . I ( and this is just me ) would not buy a Kenwood . I would buy Onkyo , Denon , Yamaha , or Harman Kardon . These are more expensive , but I think better than Sony , Kenwood , JVC , Technics , and Pioneer . The Onkyo 696 is a great receiver . And I know you can beat the Crutchfield price . The sites I would check out are onecall.com , soundcity.com , jandr.com , hifi.com . You also need to look at audioreview.com . You can see other peoples opinions of products they have actually purchased . It is a great site . They will also indicate where they purchased the equipment and how much they paid . On those sites to buy that I mentioned , you need to call and talk to someone . They will give you a better price than advertised on the internet . Give me a call @ 713-853-9573 . I leave for Chicago later this afternoon . DG
It's good to hear from you . The game is November 10th . And we hope you come down , it would be alot of fun . We are getting ready to go to Disney World on Saturday . The kids are pumped . First I guess you should see if I'm the coverage area . We are at: 14343 Millstone Estates Ln . Right now , we just have dial-up internet service and a local calling company that also gives us 100 minutes of long-distance . We get off pretty cheap on this , but I would be willing to give this ION a try . Let me know . DG
To be consistent , make the FT books ENA - FT West Keystone , etc.. . DG
I heard you had an email address and wanted to see if it worked . How are things . We are pretty wet here , I've heard you are as well . We got back from Disney World last week . Things are OK here . The kids are excited about summer . They will probably get in the pool everyday . More to follow . Try and stay dry . DG
I'm sure you know by know , but Houston got it pretty bad over the weekend . We were OK , but the flooding was unbelievable . We were at Lake Conroe ( K's parents live on the lake ) on Friday night . It rose at least 3 feet ( and it's a big lake! ) in a matter of 5 hours . My boat is on a lift out of the water . In the morning it was floating . Their dock is underwater . I've never seen anything like it . I hope everyone over there is alright . Have you seen the newest edition ? We hope to get down your way sometime this summer . Until then stay dry and take care . DG
Kristi wants to know if you are still willing to have the kids for a week in July . If so , we need to make plans . Let us know . DG
Please call us ASAP regarding the possible trip to Georgia for the kids . We are looking at July 23rd or 24th and returning July 28th . But we need to talk to you . Home 281-304-8303 DG
Jim , After our conversation on the phone yesterday , I confirmed that we are not able to provide delivered gas at the citygate for a competitive price . Therefore we do not wish to make an offer of this package at this time . Thanks for your consideration . Sincerely ,
I may be in Austin later this summer . I'm in no hurry to get the tickets . If you will , please hang on to them and I'll advise at a later date . Thanks . DG
How goes it ? I hope good . I just found out that Enron is making Sprint Broadband Direct available to us at a discounted rate . Isn't this the group you are working for now ? They will install the equipment for free and charge $24/mo ( $14/mo if you sign up for Sprint Long Distance) . Do you have this ? If so , how do you like it ? Did you hear about Jessie ? Anyway , I just wanted to ask you about this . I have dial-up now and it really sucks , but I'm a tight-wad and didn't want to pay what DSL costs . Take Care . DG
FYI...My latest check stub does not reflect a change in pay . DG
Reminder to get me set up as an authorized user . DG
A lady walked into a pharmacy & spoke to the Pharmacist.......... . She asked: "Do you have viagara?" "Why yes," he answered............ . She asked , "Does it work?" "Why yes!!!!!!!" He answered . "Can you get it over the counter?" she asked..... . "I can if I take two," he answered .
It looks like we won't make it to Austin before the 1st . I'll probably just ask you to leave the tix under your front door matt on the day of the NMSU game and we will stop by to pick them up . I will verify this with you next week . I can't believe the season is already upon us . Any word on OU ? Thanks DG
If you can FedEx them , that would be great: Enron North America Corp . 1400 Smith Street Thanks . DG
Attached is ENA's proposal for the Nov-Mar Ventura gas package as requested . Please call if you have any questions or concerns . Thanks .
Attached is ENA's proposal for Package 3 ( ANR SW ) Nov-Mar supply . Please call if you have any questions or concerns . Thanks .
Thanks DG
I just got the tickets . Thanks for sending them . I paid for 4 OU tickets , could you only get me 2 ? Let me know . I also wanted to ask you about the possibility of getting 2 additional tickets for next season . I know you get quite a few each year , but don't know if you have extras available . Thanks again . DG
I believe it was $610 . That was ( 2X$195 ) + ( 4X$55) . The two I have are Sec 15 Row 18 Seats 1&2 . I meant season tix . But would probably also try to get OU as well . I guess I'm wrestling with the idea of getting them in my name , but I know the seat location would not be very good . I really would like to have 4 season ticket seats together . I have been getting these through you for 6 years now and don't have a problem with just continuing this arrangement . I also wouldn't be opposed to helping with the contribution to the Foundation if you think it would help . Let me know . DG
I didn't think about it from your point of view and if some day I decide not to help anymore then you get hurt because your contribution falls . So just disregard that suggestion . I guess I'm trying to feel you out about the possibility of continuing this current arrangement long-term . Because I will commit to purchase the current two ( and would like to get two more for a total of 4 ) from now on . It really would be better for me to continue this arrangement rather than get them on my own , because like you indicated , I would have to really pony up alot of $$ to keep similar seats . I'm just not sure what your plans would be for my current tickets and if at some point you would like them back for yourself . How did you end up with so many ? Is Mark still getting the two next to mine ? Just curious . Don't worry about the OU tix , I will find you on Saturday . Thanks as always . DG
I am happy with my seats . I just wanted to make sure you were willing to continue allowing me to buy them through you long term . See you Saturday . They should be pretty good this year . But I've certainly heard that before ! DG
You're welcome . It's really no problem at all . I want to see them succeed . DG
Here it is . Let me know what you think . DG
Thanks . DG
DG
Kristi work: kristi.giron@cfisd.net
They are going to install the system on 9/29 ( 9am-11am) . My brother-in-law got it recently and seems to like it . He lives even further away from the city than me , so it should be OK . See ya . DG
Do you have any xtras for the above referenced . I'm just looking for one for Tech , but as many as 6 for Kansas . Thanks . DG
More than 6,000 ( more than 4,000 American citizens ) innocent civilians have been killed in a brutal attack on our country and our way of life . If that is not worth fighting for , then what in your opinion is ? I will admit , I am a conservative and therefore our opinions will usually be polarized on many issues . I am glad that life in our country allows for dissent . But I think that this right is worth the ulimate sacrifice . I honestly believe that if we do not respond , and with calculated deadly force , that we ultimately lose . And I am not talking about losing a war , but our freedom . I agree with you that war will bring unintended consequenses , but these consequences in my opinion , are the price we must pay to defend our way of life .
Congratulations on the latest member of the family . Kim sent me an email with website address that has the pictures . I hope everyone is doing well . Take care . DG
Let me know what you think . Please add any changes you want . DG
Irena , Please print the attached file on Enron letterhead and give it to Carole . Thanks . DG
Thank you . That was quick . DG
I would like to know my seat location when it has been assigned . I ordered 4 tickets . Thanks .
I remembered to bring them . Maybe we can get together later today . DG
I love you ,
10/12/01 ABC Beverages ( $24.37 ) 10/11/01 New York Pizza ( $14.50 )
Great , just as I say my schedule is open , it closes . I will be in the great state of Oklahoma on Friday , so I will have to cancel . If I was going , it would be Zydeco all the way ! DG
Anne , It looks like Crosstimbers had a phys trade with us at NWPL Rox + $.025 and they also had fin trades ( Nymex and Basis) . We combined them to essentially make Jan01 a fixed price deal . It appears the customer is questioning this . Why they are 8 months after settlement date , I have no idea . I already spoke with Carole about this and she has the deal tickets but if you have any questions , just ask . Megan , Anne should be able to explain this to you . She runs the West desk now . DG
Diane , Heartland Energy Group , Inc . We essentially terminated VU4418.1 and VZ4240.1 on 9/24/01 and paid them $69,200 on 9/26/01 which is in VZ4240.3 Twister Gas Services , LLC This is more complicated . We terminated VL2515.1 and Y05186.2 totally . We partially terminated VN4969.1 ( Oct-01 & Nov-01 only) , VU4647.1 ( Oct-01 thru Dec-01 only) , and Y05186.1 ( Oct-01 thru Dec-01 only) . They were terminated on 9/24/01 and they were paid $116,700 on 9/26/01 which is in Y05186.7 I sent a fax to 713-646-2495 of the Termination Agreement they have for a prior deal . They want one similar to this for these two deals . Please call if you have any questions . I appreciate your help . DG
I leave Thurs morning and return Friday night . I don't know why I typed Friday . DG
About a third , that's why I'm being shipped to OK . DG
That sounds very bad . Did I read that correctly ? It basically says that the series is on the brink of collapse . DG
Thanks . We had a great time and are already looking forward to Jazz Fest . DG
The current exemption is $675,000 . So that means that the first $675,000 of an estate is tax free . Anything over that is taxed at 55% , but you are allowed deductions such as debts , probate fees , funeral expenses , and any state estate or inheritance taxes . So the effective rate will be a little lower . The increase to $1 million will not take effect until 2006 . This is very basic information , estate planning should be handled by a professional to minimize the tax liability . Obviously , if the estate is not worth much money , then no taxes will be owed . I'm sure these professionals are highly compensated because they have the ability to save millions of dollars to some of their clients . Chris loves it when you are at his games . He was pretty proud of his play at second base .
Maybe you should stump for president of the series . Actually , that would be a great job . You couldn't do much worse , it seems . DG
I don't mean to hound you , but the customer is asking . Any luck on completing this ? Please let me know . Thanks DG
Thanks . DG
I have to leave the office early for a trip with Bryant and won't be back until Monday . DG
I was out of the office Thurs & Fri . For Twister , the payment we made on 9/26 ( $116,700 ) corresponds to all five ( three partial and two full ) terminations . DG
Thanks . Did you get it signed ? DG
Looks like this was made more difficult than it needed to be . The customer wanted a termination letter and because of this we need to kill these deals . I should have just killed the deals in the first place . Sorry for the extra work . DG
Are you still planning to come down ? I need to get a head count because tickets are sometimes tough to come by . Let me know . DG
Will you please ask this person doing Diane's work if the termination letter was completed ? Thanks . DG
14343 Millstone Estates Ln .
John , Per our phone conversation , here is how to get in touch with me . I will follow up tomorrow with a quote . Thanks . Manager Telephone: 713-853-9573 Cellular: 832-524-6091 Fax: 713-646-8453 Email darron.c.giron@enron.com
I just wanted to remind you how much we love you and appreciate everything you do for us . I hope you have a great day . Only 6 more to go . I saw where Sears is laying off over 4,900 salaried jobs . I hope Jan is unaffected . This economy really is starting to get me worried . I love you .
I didn't go to Colorado . My son had a baseball game and I had been out of town over the weekends lately so we sold the tickets . They did look pretty good , and could have really blown them out if Sims had been just a little more accurate in the second half . But I'm not complaining . I think Brown really made a mistake by going with Ivan Williams against OK . He is just too slow hitting the hole against a defense like that . I think the next three are locks . Then it comes down to T+1 . I don't care how average they may be , UT has won exactly 1 game at Kyle since 1983 ( 8 games) . Texas should be very good next year . The only problem area I see is the OL . I just sent an email to Kyle about lunch . Let's do it . ENE is a piece of shit . That's really all there is to say about that . DG
John , Enron's NYMEZ offer for the following volume is $3.115: Contracts Total 630 As I stated in our phone conversation , this offer would be contingent on my ability to clear an internal hurdle . We do not have an ISDA in place and I am waiting for a reply from our credit department on the best course of action to take . Thanks for your consideration . Sincerely ,
I think Phillip is dead serious about trying to start a business . Enron's stock is down sharply again today . It's trading at $16 . Remember in March we got out at $71 . My options are now $68 out of the money and it will be at least 3 years before they will approach breakeven . If I seem depressed lately , that's why . Anyway , I love you .
I didn't have an exact email address for Kent , so I guessed . kkopetzy@utilicorp.com It was just returned undeliverable . Please forward the info to him . Thanks . DG
I just cancelled it . We need to let people and companies that the address has changed .
Reagan , Lucy wanted me to let you know that I will be handling Utilicorp from the gas end . It is a territorial issue . I gave John a quote on the Cal 02 strip and am following up with credit because we don't have an ISDA in place with them . Let me know if I can be of any assistance on your end . Thanks . DG
First , what the hell are you doing working at 12:09am ? Second , it obiously will , but to what extent I'm not sure yet . See ya . DG
Carol , Attached please find our proposal for your inquiry to purchase Nov01 baseload gas on Reliant . Please call me if you have any questions or concerns . Thanks .
Sorry it's late .
There are some pissed off people in this building . The outlook I got this morning at a meeting is pretty fucking bleak . Amazing . DG
I aim to please . I'll pay you in my Enron stock options . DG
Carole , Attached please find my proposal to sell AEP on behalf of SWEPCO winter swing gas at Duke-Carthage . If you have any questions or concerns , please call . Thanks .
Carl , Although both dates will most likely work for me , I would prefer choice # 1: Nov 13th in the morning . Thanks . DG
OK . Sometimes the CFISD mail server is very slow and messages get returned . I'll tell her .
Diane , I have another termination for you . We killed Y30499.1 and Y55771.1 and made a payment of $94,200 on 10/29/01 which is booked on Y30449.3 . Let me know if you need any additional information . Thanks . DG
I will attend . I'm putting the finishing touches on the Powerpoint presentation as we speak . Just make sure you brush up on off-balance sheet financing and limited partnerships......... . DG
I'm having lunch tomorrow with some college fraternity friends . This is what they sent out to everyone . DG
Oh , alright . Dropped a check in the mail this morning . When you get it pay no attenting to the white powdery substance............. . DG
Laura , I will be out of town this weekend . Actually , in Chicago . Sorry . DG
The Kansas crew is not coming down for the game . Can you still watch just our kids that Saturday ? Chris has his first playoff game tonight @ 6pm at the West Little York field .
I am in the process of transitioning into Bryant Frihart's area of Arkansas , Oklahoma , and Missouri . I also have just begun working in Minnesota , the Dakotas , and Kansas . Largest customers are Minnegasco , MUD , Great River . Thanks . DG
Address to the hotel Driving directions from Midway
Sorry to hear that . I hope everything goes well at work . My company is crumbling . It's pretty scary . A combination of being too far out of downtown and too many trees meant that I couldn't get a good signal . I ended up getting a cable modem . I really didn't want to do that because I absolutely hate Time Warner . And what do you know , they screwed up my first bill . DG
Carl , I see if I can pull this information together for you . I'll let you know later today . Thanks DG
It probably goes without saying , but just face for the two tix again . DG
No . We are going up without tickets . People who have been say there are usually plenty available . Don't worry about the $ . I don't like ND , but from experience , it is better whent the home team wins . The LSU-AU game a couple of years ago just wasn't as exciting as AU-Florida or Wisconsin-Minnesota . But the fun thing about it is I really don't care who wins . DG
Carl , I was traveling on Friday . The Doubletree is the closest . I'll get you a number . Dinner on Monday is a good idea . If you have a 5:30pm flight , leaving the office at 3:00pm will give you enough time to return a car and get to the terminal . DG
Doubletree Hotel Houston-Allen Center 400 Dallas Street
Laura , Will you try and carve out 15-20 minutes to talk about what's going on and what to expect ? Thanks . DG
Carl , These are the only hotels located in the downtown area: Doubletree Hotel Four Seasons Hotel Hyatt Regency Houston Crowne Plaza Downtown DG
What did you decide ? DG
I've got 2 in Sec 106 Row 25 @ face value if you're still interested . DG
Thanks for the pictures . I forwarded them to Kristi . I hope everyone is well . DG
I have 2 in Sec 106 Row 25 @ face value
I just sent you an email about 2 tickets @ face value . This email address is at my place of work . I'm leaving work early today so if you respond after around 2:00pm , send it to dgiron1@houston.rr.com . That's my home email . Thanks . DG
Sorry to bombard you , but I forgot to mention that the tix will come with 2 wristbands to the EndZone club as well . DG
Is Gary's company hiring ? DG
Yes , by Skilling mostly . I can't believe that a handful of people brought the company all the way down to the point of bankruptcy . Basically , they took all the money that the core businesses made and pissed it all away in poor investments ( broadband , India , Azurix , etc... ) I just hope I have a job thru the holidays . I feel vulnerable because I'm the new one in this group . I would feel more secure if I was still in risk . Oh well , I guess it's wait and see . DG
Carl , I was supposed to be traveling this morning , but because of the crash in NY it has been postponed to tomorrow . I will be in a Dallas airport at the time of our call tomorrow morning . Should I use 763-241-2490 as the number to use for our conference call ? If not , let me know . I look forward to our conversation . Thanks DG
Thanks Carl . I'll call your number @ 10am tomorrow . DG
I was sorry to hear about your mother . I tried to call last night but you were not at home . I told mom and she asked for your number . I don't know if you have heard , but Enron was purchased by Dynegy on Friday . The deal will not close until Q3 '02 , but this will obviously affect me in some manner . We will see . Take care . DG
Thanks . I wanted to see what refinancing to a 15 year would look like . I just talked to him . Things are wierd and I know it must be even worse moving to a new group . I'm glad you like it over there . I guess it's just wait and see . DG
I was out of the office on Friday . I'll call you later this morning with a quote . Thanks . DG
Birgit , Rather than respond to your questions , I would rather meet face to face . When are you available ? Let me know . Thanks DG
1pm is best for me . DG
Maryland , Florida , Kansas , St . Joseph's , and Kentucky . All Top 10 . All lost . DG
Not anymore . This is the ESPN poll . Not AP . DG
Patrick , Terry Brownrig and I did a small phys basis deal this afternoon . It was 988/d ANR/SW we are selling @ NX1 - $.155 He called later saying he may want to also do a Jan02-Mar02 deal also . This is just giving you a headsup for when he calls . If so , you would need to get the quote from Andy . Have a good Thanksgiving . DG 281-304-8303 Home 832-524-6091 Cell
Mike , We are going to be in Dallas for the Big XII Championship game on Saturday night . I just wanted to see if you guys were going to be in town . If so , we would like to come by and see you guys . Especially the newest edition . Let me know . DG
Good . The game is in Irving , so I will try to find a hotel around there . It is also at 7:00pm . We will get into town early so we can come by and see you guys . You moved to a new house , right ? I'll keep you posted . DG
I bought the tickets the week of the Texas-OU game . Up until Sat night , I was planning on selling them to a guy I work with who went to OU . I never thought about a hotel because I really never thought UT would be in the game . I really don't want to put you guys out , especially with a new baby . We are bringing Christopher ( he is really excited about going ) and a high school aged neighbor ( his girlfriend's brother is on the team) . If you truly don't mind , then I will talk to Kristi about it . We'll see . How's the new house ? Is Flower Mound a little west of Lewisville ? I'm not good on Dallas geography . DG
I just talked to Kristi . She said no way we are staying with you because of the baby . She is pissed I thought abour taking you up on your offer . I am in trouble . DG
Directions to our house: 1 ) I-45 to I-35E North at downtown 2 ) North on I-35E to 183 West . 3 ) 183 West splits at Texas Stadium . Take 114 West . 4 ) Take 114 West to 121 North . 4 ) North on Highway 121 to Highway 2499 North . 5 ) Take 2499 North through three traffic lights . 6 ) After the three lights , you will go a 2-3 miles and see a small offfice park on the left called Fountain Place or Fountain Park . 7 ) Immediately after passing the office park take the next left - Spinks St . 8 ) Take an immediate left on Surrey . You will see the housing development at this point . 9 ) Take the next right on Solano . 10 ) Take the next left on Crestfield . 11 ) Take the next left on Stillwater Ct . 12 ) We are the fourth house on the left . 2604 Stillwater Ct .
thanks DG
As I stated on the phone , the deal is valid and Enron will honor its terms .  I will get a confirmation sent to you . Thanks DG
These are the three that came to mind . I had trouble with my email from home . Let me know what else I need to do . Thanks DG I managed all back office issues of an asset management deal with Brooklyn Union Gas Company . It was a two year deal in which Enron was assigned all of the utilities' assets ( supply contracts , transportation contracts , and storage contracts ) and then became responsible for providing 100% of the gas requirements of BUG . I was involved in the negotiations to sign the deal , mostly working with the supply group of BUG doing due diligence on their contracts . I created a complex invoice model and worked with our trading group , our logistics group , our risk management group , and gas accounting group . In addition , I made monthly trips to New York to manage the customer and take care of any issues . It was a $24MM/Year deal . I was the point person on this deal and worked on it for a year and a half before handing it off to someone else when I moved to risk . I was involved in another asset management deal with Peoples Gas Company in Chicago . I also did due diligence work and was involved in negotiations on the deal . I also created invoice models . I did not do the day to day work because I was on my way to risk management . We started a joint venture with Peoples in Chicago . I set up the risk management department and managed all mid and back office issues of the joint venture . I managed two book administrators who worked in the Chicago office and made monthly visits to address any issues . This office made $12MM in its first year and we had no issues from a risk management or accounting perspective . I took over managing the West desk in risk when there was a $10MM flash to actual variance in the region . Flash to actual is the difference between the reported P&L and the GL . Within 3 months I had identified the variances and cleared them . On a going forward basis I kept the variance at zero . I identified problems in scheduling that were causing these variances and took proactive steps to fix the problem . After managing the desk for 6 months , I was able to have everyone cross trained on other books . This resulted in me being able to reduce the staff by one , saving the company approx $100K/Year .
Where are you now ? Good luck . DG 281-304-8303 Home 832-524-6091 Cell
Congratulations ! Enron will most likely file Ch 11 . Either today or tomorrow . It's pretty crazy . I really don't know what the future holds . I will just have to wait and see . We definitely want to go skiing . Most likely in the spring . I may have to wait and see how this thing plays out though . I am going to Dallas on Saturday and we may stay at your sisters place . They sure kicked the shit out of the Huskers . I'll keep in touch . DG
you got one ? DG
Absoulutely . When the Texas Monthly article came out , ENE was around $30 . We have been told basically nothing . Which is not unlike what has been going on during the entire collapse........At least they are consistent . But we did have attorneys describing what Ch 11 would be like , so I suspect it is only a matter of time until the filling . We shall see . DG
We are going to Dallas . I bought the tickets the week of the OU game . Thought I would be selling them until last Sat evening . I think a 5% chance at Pasadena . I think it comes down to Miami-VT . Florida should cruise at home against Tenn and anyone in the SEC west on the carpet in Atlanta . But stranger things have happened....... . DG
Just in case I'm not here much longer , this is my home info: Thanks , DG
In case you need the details . These numbers are as of 11/28 curves . DG
832-524-6091 Cell 281-304-8303 Home
No , I don't . Thanks for the note . DG
Alive and kicking............barely . DG
Did they accidentally deposit my cut of the $55million in your account ? Just put a check in the mail for me . Thanks . DG
If it wasn't already obvious to me before all this ( and it was) , it was a mistake to leave your group . I know you didn't have to step up for me and can't thank you enough for doing it . DG
I believe I already have it . I'll look .
Yes
they need to cheat better
Jay , I hope you had a good Holiday Season . Hopefully 2002 will be better than 2001 ! I believe that this year the limit has been raised on the Education IRA's . Is this true ? If so , I would like to contribute more than the $500 that it has been . Please let me know . Thanks . DG
Either week is good for me , but lunch is better.....I finished shredding weeks ago . DG
Attached is a file that has all of the Central Region EOL products . EOL needs to reassign trader names and books to these products . I realize that not all products will initially be active , but we are in the process of getting everything ready for the restart of trading business . Just put a trader name in column H for the corresponding EOL product . If you have any questions , let me know . Thanks . DG
The one I just sent had some East products . DG
I'll be there . DG
I'll be there . DG
Haven't moved my phone yet . Until then , tell the person who answers my # to messenger me to call you back .
It looks like the Lagrasta deals are valued at -$7.6 million on ENE's books . I attached the file . I'm still working on the weather deal . DG
The HB was pretty wild . We went to the Big XII CG . Good game , bummer outcome . I think I would like to start the 529 plan for each kid . Can I transfer either the custodial or Ed IRA $$? ? I just tried to call , but no one answered . With all the craziness here , I'm not sitting by my phone . If you call , ask the person to messenger me . DG
I just wanted to drop you a note and ask what's going on and what you plan on doing . I hope all is well and that you had a good Holiday under the circumstances . Take care . DG
I'm still here . I saw where they got the QB from Madison as well . Maybe we can get together for lunch early next week . Let me know . DG
Here is a link to the schedule .
Yes . I talked to Carlos yesterday so I'm pretty sure he is too . I'm just waiting on the fallout from the UBS purchase of my organization . It is supposed to be in front of the bankruptcy court today . I'll let you know . Carley has learned to ride her bike . She is pretty excited about it . We will come see you this weekend . DG
Done DG
It's pretty sappy.......but I think you will enjoy it . DG
thanks DG
Could you send me a tracking number for the speakers . I still haven't received them . Thanks . DG
I'm in . I'll be shredding 'till 11am so I should have plenty of time to make it . DG
This is it . It should be self explanatory . There are values for Jan02 and Feb02 in the file . The value increased a little more than I expected . I didn't have time to compare the numbers from my last run at it in December . I will in the morning . I also still need to find the true value on the weather deal . DG
This is it . I am leaving the office for the rest of the morning . I will return after lunch . DG
His list does not include any of the transport positions . It also includes some deals with the Chicago office that should not be included in the deal value . DG
Please take notice of the red cells . These Tagg numbers were incorrect and I have changed the cells to the correct Tagg deal number . All of the deals on this list have been moved to the bankrupcy book . DG
Sorry . I've got a UBS meeting all day . Catch you later . I was looking forward to the conversation . DG
Here is the file . It contains only financial trades in the active NG-PRICE book . Also these are only Price , Basis , Index , and Gas Daily values . They don't contain any Options . I will get another book set up so we can move only positive net value deals with counterparties . Let me know if you have any questions . DG
The file was too big to email . It contains all financial deals ( P,B,I,GD ) in the active NG-PRICE book . It does not contain any option deals . I will set up the new books so that we can move the net positive deals by counterparty . Let me know if you have any questions . It is saved in O:/_Dropbox . DG
Susan , I need to set up some books for the Estate . Ed McMichael wants to separate some of the existing deals into two books . Please let me know if there is anything else you need to complete this . I need these as soon as possible . Thanks for your help . DG
I just got an out of the office resopnse from Susan . Will you please begin the process ? Please let me know if there is anything you need from me . Thanks DG
Nevermind . We are just going to use an existing book . Thanks . DG
Attached is a long list of counterparty names to move from NG-PRICE into ENA-WT-SOCAL . Please move only financial deals only . Please let me know when this is complete . Thanks . DG
Cecilia , In addition to moving the deals detailed in my previous email , please move only financial deals with the same counterparties from NG-PR-OPT to ENA-WT-SOCAL . I realize it's a big list , but how long will the entire process take ? If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . DG
Done DG
These have been moved to the Bankruptcy book . DG
Send me a final list of who will be trading on your desk . Thanks . DG
thanks DG
I put Storey for all of Ruscitti's products . DG
This is done . DG
Elena , Yesterday's list of in the money CP's did not change . We will forward a list of out of the money CP's shortly . We will also send IT the list so that they can begin moving them to another book . There are appox 140 CP's so the move will take some time . DG
better watch out for hunters DG
Well , have you been taken care of??????? ? DG
I just got the latest and greatest: Storey Lewis Williams Assuming this is accurate , I would like to get from you , as soon as the decisions have been made , what products/regions each trader will be assigned to . This is not only for EOL setup , but also for curve files and P&L/Position reporting . There will be two people , not including myself to run the Central books , so I also need to begin thinking about who will be running each book . Thanks . DG
No Gulf Coast ? DG
Kristi and I planned on going also . Is that OK ? We got a dog this weekend . A mutt at traders village . The kids named him Titan . They are pretty excited . How was you're weekend ?
The GD Options ( both calls and puts ) are booked year round . They are all in N17872.9 , N17872.A , N17872.B , N18064.6 , and N18254.4 . I will begin looking at the unwind problem . DG
As long as accounting doesn't have a problem with it , I don't see why not . The P&L will probably need to be redone for the 31st ( Jan ) and 1st ( Feb) . It just depends on what deals change . If it is only annuities , then only last day will need to be recalced . DG
This is the last file I sent Dierdre . It has four tabs . One summarizes the monthly cash flow into two columns ( Peoples Deal and PERC Deal) . The monthly values are PV'd . The PERC tab is the Lagrasta deals . The Peoples Deal is broken into two tabs ( Baseload Sale and Transport) . The baseload sale includes all of the price fixing deals as well as the index -$.03 deal . Transport is just that . I hope this helps . DG
Everything is lumped together , meaning price , basis , and index , in that file . DG
I wanted to communicate further about a refinancing loan I submitted . Thanks .
Transaction ID 610 Product ID 35729 did not book correctly . It is a two leg deal . The first leg is a GD index deal and the price component has the wrong book . It has AB-PWR-ST-GD and should be FB-CENT2 . The second leg is a F4F deal and it put the wrong value in the price component and basis component . Previous nights price settle should be in price and $.02 should be in basis . The deal has $.02 in price and $.00 in basis . DG
Mike , Here is the proposal we had discussed today . Please look it over and I will contact you early next week to discuss it further . Thanks again Paul
I'm leaving for Wyoming tomorrow and will be out all week . Let's try and get together some other time . How are things with you ?
This is why I like blondes !
Here is some more bullshit from CIG . I wish they could get these tie-ins going ! I'll be out of the office Wednesday returning Friday late morning . I'll be calling you but if you need me call me on my cell ( 303 ) 810-5708 . Tell Matt "Broncos all the way!"
Max , Please look this purchase proposal over and forward it on to the applicable parties . This proposal is completely open for negotiations , you can reach me at ( 303 ) 575-6474 to discuss this proposal further . Sincerely , Paul Lucci
Bob , Please note the following picks; Paul Lucci - Oakland Joey Brewer - Oakland I know I still owe you $160.00 , remind me and I'll write you a check . Paul
Hey what's up ? How many people picked the Colts this weekend ? I talked to Todd Gilcrease I guess he's back . And this time without Kimery .
No , Mark is going to Portland , and he just left . You got our picks on Friday right ? I also need Karen Taylor's phone number , she's hot for me again . I rally like her little assistant Laura .
What's up you two losers , and I mean losers ! Anyway , since I have to take time out of my busy schedule and lower myself to your standards here is my itinerary so pay close attention . I arrive Friday October 5th Airline: United Flight: 1478 Airport: DFW Time: 2:21 pm ( arrive Dallas ) I leave Sunday at 12:50 pm I booked two rooms at the Holiday Inn Express , they are in my name but are not paid for yet . I'll give them a credit card when I get there . One of the rooms has a King only and the other room has two beds but it's a smoking room , that's all they had . So smoke um if you got um ! Both rooms have an additional pull out bed , FYI . I'm looking forward to this weekend , go UT!!!!!!!!! ! Your Master Paul PS I haven't been going to the gym since I started getting laid by this girl .
What do you mean bummer , didn't you pick Oakland ? How was Teddy's ?
I will talk to Theresa and Gerald . I'm sorry for all the confusion and will get back to you ASAP . Paul
Once again , HELP ME!!!!!!!!!!! !
Barry , Here is a list and the status of the customers I'm dealing with concerning the El Paso Transportation; Texaco-I have sent the presentation to my rep ( Mike Duval ) he is trying to arrange a telephone conversation with the appropriate parties within Texaco Devon-I have sent the presentation to Devon and have had discussions on the subject . They seem to be somewhat interested but will be slow to move . They have committed all their San Juan production until April 2002 . Amoco- Talked to my rep who referred me on to the San Juan trader , these two are not very interested , however Dave Fuller has a contact at Amoco who seems to like the theory . Reliant-I have had multiple conversations with these guys they are not very interested in this capacity . I will continue to work with Dave on Amoco , as well as Devon and Texaco . As new information develops I will pass it on . Paul
I called the airline there has been a change of schedule: New Flight Information: Airline: Same ( United ) Airport: DFW Time: 1:00 pm ( arrive DFW ) Make note , if there are any screw ups heads will roll . Paul PS Don't make me wait , NO ONE MAKES ME WAIT!! !
Looks like you and I will hang out and wait for Will . I told Mike we will be at the airport so we can pick everyone up who comes in around these times . Are you getting these emails ?
We can cover the airport so you don't have too . Just tell everyone we will be at the airport between 1:00 and 5:00ish .
What do you mean draft picks ?
I'll give you my first round pick next year , you give me Trent Green .
Hey have you eaten lunch yet ? And when do I get Stacy Mack ?
Jay , We are looking to transact with this customer on a two year index purchase . I need to discuss the details with you , but in the mean time here are the financials that they have provided . Take a close look at them and realize this is a very rich man and he can have very bad things done to you . So , let's keep that in mind when we are working through all the credit requirements . Paul
Wyoming was great and it was good to see YOU at the game . What do you mean about odds ?
Paul & Stan Here is our purchase proposal we have been sending out for renewal on our purchase agreements . We have left it somewhat open ended to account for differences in the individual gas packages . Please review this proposal , as I will be calling you shortly to discuss any changes or questions you have to the proposal . You can reach me at ( 303 ) 575-6474 . Sincerely , Paul Lucci
Bob , Here are the picks for week 4: Joey Brewer - Miami Paul "going all the way" Lucci - New York ( Giants ) Paul
Hey , Put on your web site that I will take all OU/UT action at even money , for all you OU bitches . So BRING IT!!!! ! Paul "This year I will win" Lucci
Jealous , you shouldn't be jealous . I'm about to hit the road from Friday through Monday the 15th ( 11 straight days) , when I get back let's look to get together . By the way you looked great Monday night .
Paul Enron North America would like to bid the following for gas supplies delivered to Utilicorp under the following conditions: PACKAGE 1 Term: November 1 , 2001 through March 31 , 2002 . Delivery Point: Mainline CIG supply points ( excluding Wind River Lateral ) Pricing: Inside FERC CIG Index plus $.03 , with the right to trigger to lock a fixed price in part or in total . Please call me at ( 303 ) 575-6474 if this bid is successful or you would like to discuss this proposal further . ENA reserves the right to adjust this bid to reflect market movements and makes this bid contingent on ENA upper management approval . Sincerely , Paul Lucci
Hello you guys , Well I hope you have Dad doing some of the cleaning ! You know how he always has an opinion but yet no participation . Anyway I hope you're doing fine . I'm fine and about to depart to Dallas TX for the weekend . I'm meeting some of my old military friends for a big party this weekend . I'm really looking forward to this party , it's due to a college football game ( Oklahoma University vs the University of Texas ) and has been going on for about six years now . The guy throwing the party is working hard to make it a tradition and so far he has done a very good job . The party gets bigger every year and I think this year will be the biggest . There are people flying in from all over the country . Flying now after everything that has happened isn't scary to me but now the waiting period for both check in and security has increased substantially . It's a big pain but obliviously needed . I'll talk to you guys soon . Go UT ! Paul PS We haven't found a place in Vail , but we are still looking !
What weekend ? I will be in San Antonio , TX from 10/12-10/15 . So if it's this weekend I'll be out of town . But , if not let's party !
Here is the updated version .
I think that chick gave me something ! I serious .
Updated Hot List;
I totally agree , I was extremely stupid . I'm not kidding , I already have a funny sensation just like I used to get when I was back in OKC . What was I thinking ?
My mom is having a party . She has this party every year , the average age of the party goers is about 60 . At least I can get drunk on my mom nickel .
And you know at that age those girls put out . Unfortunately it's their hip that puts out , or should I say "gives out."
I'm sure you guys know about Clay Basin . Anyway Kitchen just called and said we have 30 days to get all the gas out of the interruptible storage account about 36,000 . So get your F@%&*+ing gas out of the ground . Paul
That's funny I saw that original picture and was wondering what the hell was ging on . We thought it was BS . Now I know . What have you been up to ?
We buy San Juan . But we do not have any gathering .
My pick for this week is the Vikings . When are you setting me up with your hair dresser ?
Bill , Look this diagram over it may be a little confusing so if you have any questions give me a call . Paul
When I first saw the picture I did think it had a chance of being real , until everyone else said it was a knock off . I was a little puzzled as to how anyone found the camera . So at least I had my doubts . So you want to stay in Calgary another year ?
Hello , I'm back in the office today . Well I see you have to eat crow ! I didn't get a chance to watch the game but I saw CU play Kansas St . and CU looked good . I even think CU has a good chance of beating UT in Austin this weekend . As far as Petrogulf goes , in the mean time before the great expansion , do they have the right to go to Questar or any other interstate pipeline delivery points . I think they can take their gas in kind at Questar/Bird Canyon , but I'm not sure . And finally , are you still available for dinner Wednesday night . I just got paid so I'm looking to take you some place nice . Yes , I am bribing you ! Paul
The deal was done with Field Services and we should change our deal ticket "counter party" to reflect that . Thanks Paul
Paul , I do not know where Dead Horse is but as far as Glen Rock is concerned , I believe the Index market to be around CIG Index minus $.05 . We are currently trying to do these sort of Index deals for the winter and one year time periods . Anything after that is anyone's guess . If you need anything else don't hesitate to ask . Hope all is well , and watch out for CU ! Paul
Bob , What about me picking two winning teams last weekend . Can you send me the latest updated version of the pool . Also what about lunch later this week so I can get you your money . Tell Larry we are going to party Friday , so he better go along . Paul
I will call her . I need to give my hair about two weeks to grow out . Has she started to date again . I thought she had given up on men after her divorce ? When are you going to get your hair cut ? I've got a date with Karen this week , well at least I think I do . Have you talked to Larry about Friday ?
Excuses , Excuses the reason you lost was that your team scored less points than the team you were playing . It's that simple . Anyway as for dinner , what about staying downtown and meeting around 6:45 pm , if that's too late we can meet earlier . The only thing I know that is healthy is Sushi , which isn't my favorite but I'd go if that's a big thing for you . Or , we can come up with other ideas , I'm wide open . I'll eat anything except for Thai . The lady I'm dealing with at Petrogulf is clueless . The guy I used to deal with is gone and she is new to this area of the business . Since I'm so nice and receptive to her feelings , I decided to help . But I'm sure you already know this about my personality . I'm really not trying to BS you with my emotional side . I will tell her I can buy the gas into Questar , if you believe that to be the case . All those other delivery points need processing arrangements . Don't tell Richard Stewart anything about this conversation or YOUR buying dinner !
That's funny !
Yes I'm still alive . And if you want let's think about lunch next week . I just got back in town last night and I'll be busy all week . If lunch dosen't work out next week , we are having a happy hour on the 26th . I don't know where yet but tell everyone . How are things with you ?
That party on Saturday night sounds fun . I've got plans Friday but nothing on Saturday . Is this the friend that was dating all those guys while she is married ?
Yeah that party sounds fun , count me in . Where do you live and what night is this IPAMS reception ?
Please look this deal over throughly as we are getting very close to closing with these guys . I will be giving both of you a call this morning to answer and final questions you may have . Thanks Paul
What time should I meet you at your house on Saturday ? I'm not going to the reception tonight . Shoot me back directions to your house .
Here is what about we have been showing Kennedy Oil .
Let's look to try and meet early rather than later , but who knows . Also what about lining up properties between $200,000 and $350,000 . Then weeding them out based upon age and number of bedrooms ( 3) . If you can shoot us the listings first so Mark and I can narrow them down to around 10 . Thanks Paul
4:45 isn't that early . What kind of a party will this be ? Will there be a lot of people , and what time is it over ?
Please disregard all previous emails this is the right one . .....I hope .
please send them again so we can line them up .
Ok , I'm in ! Should I just show up at your house , at 5:00 ?
I'm looking forward to Saturday , thanks for inviting me ! Since you don't want to be the first person at the party you can kill time by giving me a tour of your house . I printed the email that has all the information , so I'll plan on calling you sometime Saturday and then meeting you at your house at 5:00 . Let's talk Saturday , here's my home phone number ( 303 ) 469-6768 , and my cell ( 303 ) 810-5708 . Should we bring anything ?
Beer is fine with me . So you have to drive Greg around all day Saturday . That should be a perfect time to talk to him about his wife's fondness with other men . And since Russ is going to the party will there be a fight ? This party is going to be exciting !
Ruth , Here is the amendment to the purchase contract , please look it over . It contains all the transportation options we have talked about and provides us the flexibility we need to re-price the CIG Index piece if there are additional future opportunities . I will be giving you a call to make sure you have received this amendment and to answer any questions you may have . Paul
Bob , This week I pick the Colts ! I'm meeting Karen tonight for dinner , so I'll tell you how that goes . She made a comment about you yesterday , your name came up and she said "that Bob." I said "I thought you and Bob were friends." And she said "Oh that Bob!" So I figure she's mad at you for , you know the "twins." Anyway I won't say anything , so don't worry . We moved the happy hour to next Friday 26th , so you better be there . Maybe even "Cool River." Paul
I'm glad you had a good time . I did also . Yes , keep me posted on your happy hour . I talked to Bob this morning and explained your frustrations and that you have him on your S___ List . So he said he would like to talk to you . So you see , once again I have served you well .
P.S . I was kidding about Bob , I want your adrenaline to flow . I thought it would help wake you up . Gotcha! !
Gerald , Eric , in structuring , has this question on the wording of the Kennedy Amendment . I told him you "the master of wording" was ok with it . What do you think ? Paul PS I hope it closes today !
Hey you back ! I'm sorry that I made you feel that way . Don't take it for anything other than I was very busy . I have no problem being friends and even getting together , whenever . Right now I'm in a position in my life where I just want to do what I want to do , I know that's very selfish but truthfully that's how I feel . I think after you get through with all the BS that's going on in your life you will understand where I'm coming from . So for now don't take anything I do personally , and feel free to call whenever you want . And , yes I wuld like to get together.... . Paul And you too have a great day!! !
Ruth , This is a revised copy from Gerald . Please disregard the last copy and review this one . I'll call you to make sure you get it . Paul
DENIED!!!!!!!! !
That's too bad , I would have come down and met you . What has been going on with you ?
What you had a birthday without telling me about the party ! What did you do ? What are you guys doing for Halloween ?
Sorry I have been out of the office on vacation and business . I'll call Basler ASAP . What about you , what's up ?
Who got spanked ? Hopefully Natalie ! We are partying on Halloween .
So , if I have made payment under this plan will these new CD's I've ordered be free even though they have initially been accessed a charge ? Can you just check my account to see how this new order will effect it . Is there any way you can provide me with a phone number to speak to someone ? Thanks Paul
Hey it's too late for you . There was a Thursday night game and your rules state , and I quote "During weeks of Thursday night games , all picks will need to be in by noon on Thursday." Therefore see you later , and thanks for playing . Sorry , but rules are rules . Happy Hour Friday 10/26 .
Larry , I'm checking your email so if you get this sind me an email back .
We are meeting for drinks after work today , so if yo wnat you can meet us . If not the REAL happy hour is next Thursday so you better be there . What are you doing on the 27th ?
Call me during the day so we can get it all planned . I'll talk to Tia to make sure everthing is cool .
We are thinking of renting a Limo Saturday night , and hitting a few parties what do you think .
What about renting a Limo Saturday night Oct 27th for all the Halloween parties . $87.00 all inclusive per hour with liquor . We can seat 10 .
Hey where's the happy hour ?
What did this week look like ? I'm out but I bet a lot of people are too . Shoot me the updated list please . And what's up for the weekend ? I'm starting early !
Hey what are you guys doing partying without me . Yes I have been traveling , in fact I have been gone almost all October , up through the 15th . But I'm finished . When are you thinking of getting together ?
Heidi , Here is my vacation schedule for the remainder of the year . I should have 4 days to carry over once you take all these days into account . Please tell me if this is correct . Vacation: November 1st Thanks Paul
You are not bothering me and I will tell you if you are . Your right I don't like to gab on the phone for long periods of time , but I like talking to you . I like to keep everything short and sweet . So , tell me when I'm going to see you again . You will miss the big Limo party on Saturday . Too bad the car is full . And , even with a bad ankle I can still dance .
Do you want to go to dinner sometime ? Maybe I'll have you up to the house where I can do some REAL cooking !
Ok , and yes ! Send me a picture of you so I can remember what you look like . I mean what you really look like !
You can use it if I can find it . I may have lost it on Saturday night . I was very drunk .
I would like to shut it down . So send me my pro rata share . How was your party ? And hot chicks ?
What's up ?
Steven changed jobs . Email Whitt for his new numbers . Any hot chicks at your party . I was out voted Saturday night in favor of Opie Gone Bad at the Little Bear .
We can't open this !
That's a Wednesday night ? Are clothes involved ? And can I take pictures ?
Where are you ? I'm leaving today at 4:30 , I've got to get some things done .
I have a customer in town Thursday night , so we will be taking him out to dinner , than to the Nuggets game . I still want , and I'm planning , to go to the concert on Friday night , so don't count me out . We will have to do dinner some other time . Make sure we talk on Friday because I have an open house from 3:00 to 6:00 , and I'll start drinking and forget the plans . How is everything else going . I had a GREAT time on Saturday night , so I hope you did also .
yes , what time & where ? Jerry Padilla wants to go .
Willie G's is fine . I don't know if Mark's coming . Is Jerry ?
That's my boy !
Are you in today ?
You can be my personal assistant . What's up with you on Saturday night ? Are you feeling any better today ? Don't worry it will all work out !
I won't be able to go with you Friday night , I wasn't even invited . Keep in touch and we will figure out a time to get together .
What is going on ?
What's up with you ? I talked to Mark , we both decided.....NO WAY!!!!!!!! ! No just kidding , you better get your best dress ready for you interview ! Your interview questions are going to be REAL TOUGH ! Paul
Updated hot list;
Mark is saying that your the top candidate for this position . No matter what I say I can't change his mind . Man I can hardly wait!!!!! !
Don't worry he has made up his mind so no matter what I say I can't change it . What are you doing later this week ? Now that you have a job you can take me out .
I just hung out yesterday and worked around the house and watched football .
After I got you message I blew off the trip downtown . Instead I watched football and worked around the house . I was able to get a couple things done that have been left undone for awhile , so it was worth it . You are leaving town for a couple of weeks ? Where are you going ? I'm free every day except Wednesday .
I'm free everyday except Wednesday . So it's up to you .
Yeah , let's do lunch on Thursday ! Who are you going on your vacation with ?
Yeah when are you free ? Let's do something !
I just got your message , are you on the computer right now ?
Too slow to Cyber Chat . Call me at work ( 303 ) 575-6474
What's Up? ! What's OUR plan later this week ? What day/time/where ?
Saturday and Thursday night , what else do you want from me ? Where were you thinking of meeting , what theater ?
Why not Saturday ?
Oh I can handle it ! Can you ?
Contact me directly , I always want to be involved !
Stock symbol ENE , Company that you would be working for is Enron America's or Enron North America . There should be an Enron web site . Enron.com
Did you get my voice mail about the logistics of tomorrow night ?
Yes you are ! So does that work , for me to meet you at the restaurant at 6:00 ?
Here is the latest on our search for a new condo . Search Over ! Due to the recent drastic fall in the Enron stock price , $90 in Jan . to $8.50 today , we have postpone our search . So we will have to look for a place to stay . Rental rates may be too expensive in Vail , so we may have to look else where . We are off to a late ski season this year , it's November 7th and it is very warm here . I'll start looking for leads on housing . I also have a paid trip to Cancun in February the 21st - 24th . Keep me posted on everything .
Hey Jack needs to only talk to me . And , what color are you wearing ? I would hold on Enron stock for now . I think it is a long term buy but I don't see anything good on the immediate horizon so I think you may get a better price if you wait . Are you wearing Jeans tonight .
Yes I'm going to the luncheon today . I also brought jeans , but I too am wearing a skirt so I won't deprive YOU of a look at MY legs .
Hello; How are you today ? I talked to Alicia she is going to talk to you then provided everything is cool , which I think it is , she'll buy the tickets and I'll pay Mark . So , I've got you covered . What do you have going on Friday . Want to come over to my house and play ? I'll be out the majority of the day but write me back . Paul
What is the plan for tomorrow for lunch . Do you want to meet me downtown ? I'll be out the majority of the day . Talk to you soon . Paul
I'll forward you these emails when I get them .
The concert was great ! We had box seats so we drank for free , which is always a plus . As far as Enron goes we definitely need this Dynegy deal ! What's up with you this weekend ? We are going to the wine tasting thing on Saturday , right ? What about Friday night want to play doctor ?
Debra , I haven't been involved in these final rounds of contact changes so please get with Gerald so we can get this contact out the door . Paul
Gerald , Can you get with Debra on this contract I don't know why she is still jacking with this . How's everything else going ? Oh , I called Darrin on those credit figures that will be needed for that amendment to the Kennedy Oil contract , has he called you ? Paul PS Our trip to Vegas isn't looking great right now !
I briefed Scott , +8 into WIC & +1 CIG Wind , both at the mid . I'm thinking about the 2000 A8 , they start in the low 50's . I think I'll take out a loan and secure it with Enron stock and stock options !
This is a test to see if you receive this email . Good luck !
Do you want to meet for lunch Wednesday ? Then spend the night , or at least until you have to leave ? WE can hot tub !
I was meaning for you to come down Wednesday night . I have lunch plans already , sorry . Is that ok ?
Hey , where are you ? Did you get my last email ? Paul
I was wondering where you were . I've got tickets to the Broncos' game on Sunday , would you want to go ? Also , I need to get back to working on buying gas delivered off the Jonah system , so can we talk about delivery points and rates ?
Hey what are you up to today ? Are you still planning on meeting me for dinner ? Paul
Yeah Baby , that hits the spot !
I'm looking forward to it also . I may not do the ski training class tonight , I'm worried about my ankle . So , if I don't I'll be ready around 6:30 . I'll keep you posted . Let's talk later .
When you get a chance call me .
Dear Abby says; call her , hunt her down ! If you don't want her I'll take her or at least I'll take her after you .
The latest at Enron is Business as usual . At least that's what they want us to believe . I think we will be effected eventually , but it will take time for Dynegy to figure out what they have . I don't think anything will change for us until at least the middle of next year . Hopefully they send some of these Enron directors to jail ! Nothing new with me . I've got pictures of Robin , she's the girl you met at the Rock Bottom in Broomfield , I think you should see !
I promise . In fact why don't you and Bob take us to the Rio on Friday so we can drink , I mean forget about our troubles .
Plan on 6:30 ! Studlet
I received this email from Karen Taylor at Duke Field Services . I have been working with her on gathering deals whereby ENA could purchase 3rd party gas on the Jonah Gas Gathering system . As you can see , a numerber of our larger trading counterparties are not willing to trade with us , but are unwiling to tell us directly . I hope this is a short term problem , as most of the larger counterparties account for the majority of our transactions . I've included the second part of the email to show you both that I am willing to extend myself in whatever manner to bring value to the once mighty Enron . PS I haven't been able to close any deals with Karen , but I feel that I am very close !
Hey thanks for the Thanksgiving invitation ! I thought I would die from exhaustion if I had to drop one more hint . I'll either whip up one of my famous gourmet dishes or stop off at the liquor store for wine , and if I do bring wine it will be the very best box wine 7/11 has to offer . But in either case I will not be bringing any of my hotties , I'm having them all sent out for chemical bathes so they will be clean for the holidays . Thanks Again Paul PS At dinner , see if you can seat me next to Nadine , I'll owe you !
Hello yourself . I did fall back asleep , in fact I even overslept . But I feel good today , real good !
I'm in ! What will Felicia be wearing ?
Well at least that was all you guys buried ! I know you don't like these types of jokes , but I couldn't resist .
Did he or didn't he ? You decide !
It was a little boy sucking his finger standing next to a dog whose tail is straight up and his butt is hanging out . The caption read did he or didn't he . How do you feel today....sore ? I hope , I want to be the man , please let me .
Really !
Ha Ha Ha ! I thought that part about the teeth out was interesting .
Here's one that's clean !
Craig , Can you please get with John Cogan on our need for all wire transfer backup . We will need the detail of all wire transfers sent to ENA for payment on the CIG and PSCo assets . You can reach me at 303 575-6474 . Thanks Paul
Mara , This is updated . I'll be using this hot list . Thanks Paul
I know I whant to find THAT girl !
Good morning , I do feel better today . I think being outside yesterday brought out the worst in my cough . Good luck in your talks !
Hey , What's up with you ? I have been out all day so I just got in . What's new ?
Who is telling you that they "Love You?"
Now wait a minute I think your getting in too deep here . I have always or at least have reserved the right to see other people . So , don't freak out ! Or I'll spank you ! Paul
That's good ! Is that at the Broncos' game ?
Did I upset you ? I hope I didn't tell you anything you didn't already know .
This is a Gas Daily call deal . The deal is still alive and underway . The volumes have been taken to zero due to the fact that CSU has not called on any gas , lately . Please get with Tyrell Harrison on the confirmation as this deal is still valid . Thanks Paul
As you all understand the state of our trading condition , this email is to inform you of another two counter parties who have explained to me why they cannot do business with us at this time . Dominion E & P and England Energy will no longer sell us gas , until they see clear direction and can accurately predict the outcome of the Dynergy/Enron merger . They both wish us good luck and wanted to say this is strictly a business decision and that they would want to continue business once we get things resolved . I'm sure you both are seeing this type of thing first hand . I feel like I'm back in high school trying to date without a car . They said it then like they say it now , "it's not you Paul , we just feel we would be better off if we found someone new." Paul PS I have signed the document and have Fed Ex'ed it back to Houston .
test
yes , completely crippled . he had to leave his car and take a taxi !
The existing position with these guys is that we have been buying gas month to month . 1,500/d from England Energy , and 15,000/d from Dominion E&P . I'll keep you posted on additional conversations .
That was funny ! I laughed my ass off . Sorry I didn't call you , I left my cell phone at the office . Have a happy Thanksgiving !
Yes I had a good weekend . What about you ? Mark talked to Heidi today , so...... .
Call me later tonight at home . I kinda busy today and I want to get out of here early . I'll talk to Mark about your start date . Are you bored ?
What are you trying to say ?
Hello , Thanks for sending me an email . I appreciate the interest and found your profile to be interesting as well . But , I feel I'm at a disadvantage due to the fact that your profile doesn't contain a picture . Are you sending a picture over later , or making me guess as to what you look like ? Drop me a line and we can hash this out . Paul
Hello , Thanks for the email . I would like to talk more , but since I don't know you I haven't a clue as to what to talk about . I did notice you live in Morrison , do you work there also ? I like that area . What about you and this service , have you been using it long , and do you like it ? Drop me a line and I'll start firing back questions . Paul
I did have a good Thanksgiving , how about you ? Thanks I'll put this number on the deal ticket . Paul
I just went down to the mail room... . I'll call you .
Extremely , AND everybody got a flower on Saturday night except me because you weren't there to buy me one ! What's up for this week , my hot tub is still crying out for you . Oh by the way I figured out why the water is so harsh on your skin . So , I will need to fix that ASAP . It's giving me a rash , at least I hope that's what is giving me a rash . See ya !
ME !
I'm very very good . But , acting very very bad !
Oh yeah things are changing every minute ! We are partying ! What about you ?
Hey call me tonight at home , so we can catch up !
Thanks for the email . I have finally picked out a car , it's the BMW 540i . I'm looking for a Black car , 2000 or newer . Thanks for all your help . Paul
Yeah , actually we are throwing a happy hour tonight . You should meet us for drinks . I'm going to lunch now , so I'll talk to you later .
Now here is fine one !
Carole , Wow you are really bringing me down ! No I don't feel uncomfortable giving you my information . I do want you to know that you have always been a pleasure to work with and I hope we can continue working together in the future . If you get some time off , hopefully time off with pay , come to Denver and I'll take you skiing ! Paul Paul Lucci 4761 Yates CT email I need to get it fixed , I've been receiving everything here at work .
That's so weird , I'm been running around the office all day today yelling; we're done , we're done . But only for a different reason . Do you want your old job back ? Congrat's on school . Come down here and buy us a drink !
We ARE working ! But we don't know if we are getting paid . We are in the process of moving due to the construction we are doing . But after that who knows ? They are laying off over 80% in Houston . We are just standing-by waiting on the next piece of information . What did you do this weekend ? Did you go out with your "friend" JP ?
Hey you . I just came back to my office , the one I'm moving into once all the construction is over . Only the contractor pulled out and all construction has come to a stop ! The contractor , Todd , isn't acting all that honestly in this bankruptcy stage . Where and what time do you want to meet tomorrow ?
Call me on my cell 303 810-5708 . I want to know what's up with tonight .
What is UP my brother ? Yes the executive management of Enron blew the company up . The largest bankruptcy in the history of the WORLD ! I don't know why these numbers are coming up . So , all I do is wait around and do personal shit . I am in for skiing , I've been looking for a deal on housing but so far they are only publishing the discounted rates for the coming two weeks . I need to get dates from Mike so I can look to book something . He is still talking to those Brazilian chicks so maybe we have action ! How's everybody doing ? OU really hit the skids late in the season . What's up with that ? Ask Mike about the naked pictures I've got . Later for now The Looch
Hell No ! Ever since last weekend when you made up some bogus excuse about having to celebrate Natalie's birthday and not being able to party with me , I've been sulking ! What's up for the weekend . Here's what I have going on; Friday Night-Office Christmas Party , Saturday Night-Hot Tubing with random chicks ( any interest?) .
Check this out it goes on for ever .
Well maybe next time I should lay off the free drinks ! I've been screwing off all week . I went to the AV's game last night and I'm just getting into the office now . Man I love this job ! Paul
Great job with Ty ! Now what about the rest of us ?
I received your email but I could not get to your profile . I'm getting an error message when I try and bring it up . I hope you receive this email , if you do see if you can correct the problem on your end .
Hi , I did make the cut and I'm one of the three , in fact I've got to stay around for a certain period of time before Enron will let me go . I think I'll stay put through the holidays and then see what happens during the first part of January . I hope your flight went well ! It looks like the weather will be nice on Friday and cold and snowy on Saturday . Enjoy your time on the slopes and I'll talk to you soon . Paul
I have attached my resume . I had to use one of the other guys emails because I was having some problems with my system . Look forward to seeing you on Thursday .
Hey , I'm not going to be able to get this in on time .
Don't worry I'm not going to do it . Don't I still need to collect from you for the loser's pool . $60.00
No need to apologize ! I figured you were busy doing something . We did not go skiing yesterday , it seems that even though we are in a period of "No Work" something always comes up and needs to be done immediately . I will be around tonight . I would of tried you later Monday night but I didn't get back to my house until after nine and last night I was at the Nuggets' game watching the San Antonio Spurs , my hometown team , have their way with the Nuggets . I'll call you after 8:00 pm MST . If it works tonight great if not I'll keep trying . You can fill me in on your job . Paul
Mark , Theresa asked me to forward this information on to you we will follow up to make sure you received it . Thanks again for everything and I hope all is well with you . Paul
Theresa asked me to forward this spreadsheet on to you . Paul
I can't believe it ! Why ? Well good luck in whatever you do . It's always been a pleasure to work with you and I hope our paths cross again in the future . You should look to come skiing now that you have some time off . Take Care Paul
Charles figure these questions out !
I am very interested in how they are going to "fix Saturday" on Tuesday . We cannot go back in and adjust noms or scheduled volumes . Please let me know the results of thier adjustments . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn FYI . Steve
FYI . These are Ava's duties as we defined last year . Thanks . Lynn
Please ensure the billing is done to reflect the balancing days we called . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . Just to let you know our practice . John and/or Terry issue procedures in the attached format for any new service NNG or TW provides . They also meet with the teams to review the procedures and make sure all parties are up to speed . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Ray , Teb is right. . Beginning with June billing for May production , we are billing FTS-2 reservation invoices on June 1 instead of May 31 . At some point in time we may move back to the last day of the month . This would be after we have ( 1 ) automated the manual process or ( 2 ) managed to speed up the manual process to effectively capture the scheduled volumes for the last day of the month . Hope I have not confused the issue for you . If you have any other questions , please let me know Thanks . Lynn
Ava , here is the correct spelling of the two names we talked about today in the team leader meeting . Thanks . Lynn
Tammy , let's go forward with this training . Is there anything else you need from us ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . so you have Brad's telephone number . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please set up a 1 hour meeting with the following people . Topic: Status of the Morning Meeting Report Attendees: Don Powell , Dale Ratliff , John Buchanan , Steven January , Terry Kowalke , Gary Spraggins , Darrell Schoolcraft This meeting needs to happen tomorrow . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please set up the following meeting: Topic - TW Imbalance management Attendees: Darrel Schoolcraft Richard Hanigriff Steven January Sue Neville Lynn Blair Kim Watson CC: Rick Dietz Thanks . Lynn
Ava , Sue is a major attendee . Do we need to reschedule ? Let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , we need Don at this meeting . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , see if you can get this on my calendar for in the morning . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . per our conversation . Thanks . Lynn
Larry , let's discuss in the morning . Thanks . Lynn
I appreciate your input . All the other teams voted for meeting at 2:00 p.m in the afternoon . So that is probably what we will go with . Thanks . Lynn
Jodie , did you ever meet with John ? Thanks . Lynn
Dale , does this help any ? Thanks . Lynn
Jamie , FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Tery , what did we do on this ? Thanks . Lynn FYI . Wasn't sure if I had sent this to you. , Thanks . Lynn
Larry and raetta , cand we make sure we do not bill for the vented gas . Can we work with measurement and redcue the actuals by the 8,000 to 10,000 ? Steve , does anyone have the exact volume vented ? Thanks . Lynn
Gary is right . But if NGTS is the only contract , they will take the swing . Or is Pioneer saying they want to take the swing ? If Pioneer wants to do the swing , maybe they could do a contract to cover the swing volume only ? Karen and Larry , what do you think ? Thanks . Lynn
Wanted to give everyone an update on the status of the new report format for the morning meeting: The report is completed for all information except: Storage Operational Capacity Current and Accum Imbalances The group working on this feels they will have all pieces of information available and the report completed by June 15 , 2001 . The above referenced fields have been a challenge to get the data base populated as needed . But this group has done an excellent job in striving to give us an accurate report and not giving up on possibilities . As you are aware , Gary and Darrell have already started using the report and we have changed how we report outages and allocations . Storage will change once the new report is completed . Don Powell and Dale Ratliff have been an excellent resource and very helpful to ensure we get the product we need . If you have any other questions or any concerns about not getting the new report before June 15th , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Tracy , we have already given the plaques to the employees , but I think they would like the case as well . So go ahead and send them to me and I will give them to the employees . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Tangie , very good letter . I am assuming this does not include the PVR OBA , but all others . Is that a right assumption ? Thanks . Lynn
Terry , what are your thoughts on these enhancements ? Thanks . Lynn
Anna , at this time we have no openings available on the Gas Logistic Teams . Please do not hesitate to equire at any time and also watch the EBB for any postings . Thanks . Lynn
Nancy , can we meet today at 1:30 to go over my budget ? Please let me know if that works for you . Thanks . Lynn
Mary , you probably saw this , but thought you might find it interesting . Thank.s Lynn
Thanks . Lynn
Nancy , I can go either way . If you guys want to meet and then I can catch up with Donna that is fine . I just wanted to be sure we got you the answers you needed . Thanks . Lynn
Amy , are they paying for all the expenses except air fare ? If so , go ahead and plan on attending . Thanks . Lynn
Alma , how is this for Diana ? Is that enough ? Please call me if you need more . Thanks . Lynn
Please read the note below and let's all make an effort to ensure Omaha can hear us in the Morning Meeting . If you have any questions , let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Diana is very much a team player and ensures all the team members' accounts are billed accurately each month . Diana is a very positive influence on her team . She is the first one to bring resolution to the table on any reconciliation that needs to be done on team issues as well as business issues . Accomplishments - Diana was nominated and selected for the Chairman's Award . Alma , hopefully this helps . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , were these valid ? Thanks . Lynn
Steve , this is going to possible make a difference in how much gets scheduled at Socal . So you may see a little lower numbers at time . Let's discuss if that does not make sense . Thanks . Lynn
Larry and Raetta , are we covered on the billing ? Thanks . Lynn
Since I missed part of the meeting Friday , what was the to do on this topic ? Thanks . Lynn
Estallee , how do we handle this ? Throught the PRC or seperately ? Thanks . Lynn
Jerr , have you seen this letter ? Wanted to keep you in the loop . Thanks . Lynn
Sheila , FYI . I had Hilda pull this info together for me when we were justifying moving reservation billing by one day . This will need to be talked about for July billing of June production . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , what is the status of setting up the follow up meeting for those that did not attend ? Frazier King can tell you when they will have the tape . Let's be sure to set this up by the end of June if possible . Thanks . Lynn
Ricki , no problem . Let's also book 4194 for the day and I will talk to the three people that have meetings in 4194 to let them know they could use my office . Are you OK with that ? Thanks . Lynn
Ricki , I have talked with all the parties that have meetings on June 11 in 4194 . They will use my office if we have to bump them . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . We are accumulating the requests and will meet at a later date to determine if we add any points . Thanks . Lynn
Jean , I believe everyone received the same message . The only response is if you fit the criteria below . I am assuming you do not . Please let me know if we need to discuss . Thanks . Lynn
John , what is the status of the agreement with UCU at the Sunflower point ? Are you still waiting to hear from Karen ? Thanks . Lynn
Alma , hope this helps . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Scott , per our conversation this afternoon , I wanted to follow up with this email . We would appreicate help in ensuring NO ONE works on Gary Spraggins machine on the weekend . For the last several weekends , he has come in on Monday mornings and cannot log into the system . Gary and Darrell Schoolcraft are on NT while the rest of this floor ( 41 ) are on Windows 95 . If you need more explanation , please call Dale Ratliff or Steve January . Thanks . Lynn
Per Terry's comments , we have the "blocks" in the system to prevent any shipper from going to 16A back into the "Bushton Universe" . As long as that block is in place , we are OK with Duke using 16A for pooling purposes . Hopefully this answers your question . If not let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Lindy , I will be out of the office that week . But Terry Kowalke will set in for me . Thanks . Lynn
Attached is the agenda for the TW Imbalance meeting on: Tuesday , June 12 , 2001 If you have any additions to this agenda , please let Ava know . She will add the additions and resend the agenda . Thanks . Lynn
Shane , Sheila is in Arkansas . She is doing a lot better . Her "tingling in her arm and leg acted up again . Hopefully she will be home this weekend . I'll let you know when we hear something for sure . Thanks . Lynn
Since I am out of the office Friday , would you please work with Donna on the bullets we want in Shelley's weekly report . Thanks . Lynn
Ignore the next message . I sent you the wrong bullets . I would like for you guys to work with Donna on the bullets from our group that should be in Shelley's weekly report . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I still cannot get in to ibuyit . Were you able to get ahold of anyone ? Thanks . Lynn
Scott , thanks for your help and quick response . Lynn
Beverly , thank you so much for your help this weekend and your offer to come into the office . Between you , Amy and Terry we got through the weekend without a glitch on our side ( even though we had system problems) . Tracy , I understand all is OK at your house . I am glad to hear . Cynthia , I understand you had some damage . Please let us know if we can help in any way . Linda and Bert , were you guys OK ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Sheila is now at home . She is feeling better , but has a ways to go . They are still running test to determine the problem . We will keep you posted as we get more information . Below is Sheila's address to send her a card . I know she would appreciate our prayers and encouragement . Mrs . Sheila Nacey 8630 Pine Falls Dr .
Thought you would appreciate this . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , would you please attend for me . Thanks . Lynn
Toby , what is the answer to this question . Thanks . Lynn
I wanted to say I really enjoyed our visit as well . It has been a long time since I have set down and just visited with friends . Jane , thanks for taking the intiative to make this happen . I agree , we need to do this again . Tell Amanda , Seth and Kirby "hi" for me . Thanks . Lynn
Maggie , tell me what you need and I will be glad to approve this request for Mike . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , what does this mean ? Thanks . lynn
Ava , no problem . Just remind me on Friday . Thanks . Lynn
Toby , please post the attached notice to the WEB under Critical Notices . TW team , please talk with your shippers to let them know the posting is out on the WEB even though they are getting an email . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Julia , it was so good to talk to you . We do miss you around here . When Steve gets back from vacation , we will email you and set a lunch date . Below is Sheila's address to send her a card . I know she would appreciate your prayers and encouragement . Mrs . Sheila Nacey 8630 Pine Falls Dr . Take care and call anytime . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Just to keep ya'll in the loop . This fix should be ready for test on Monday and migrated Monday night for Tuesday's use . This fix will be very beneficial in minimizing Shipper imbalances on NNG . Terry and Gerry will work with the teams to be sure everyone is up to speed on the change . If you have any questions while I am out next week , please check with Terry Kowalke or Mike Bodnar . Thanks . Lynn
Larry , I want to know if you did not get the response you needed . Thanks . Lynn
terry , are these instructions on the Intranet where we have critical and non critical procedures ? If not , can we put them out there ? Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , just to keep you in the loop since I am out next wee . This is the information we sent to Regulatory ( Mary Darveaux ) as we finalize info on the Strangers Gas Settlement . Tangie is working closely with Mary and will get her what she needs . we are also working with Dan Fancler and Debbie Mosley in Finanace . If you have any questions , please let Tangie or Raetta ( who is working with Tangie on this ) know . Thanks . Lynn
Ricki , I just wanted to follow up , I was told Cynthia and Linda neither one had damage . Cynthia's mother and sister had flooding and Linda was without electricity for awhile . If you are hearing something different , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , are you going to be available for this meeting ? I would like to know the outcome of the meeting in relation to any concerns on sending out invoices . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Just wanted to be sure everyone had a copy of this letter . In relation to this letter we had a posting go out on the WEB . Please be sure everyone on the team has read this notice . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , can you have the teams getting Ava email addresses on the list this week if Dennis does not already have them in PLE . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , have you taken care of this ? Thanks . Lynn
Ava , have you taken care of this ? Thanks . Lynn
Brian , just wanted to follow up to be sure you had talked with Toby Kuehl and he had answered all your questions . If you have all your answers , you do not need to respond to this note . Have a great day . Thanks . Lynn
I am fine with this schedule . I am a little concerned about Lynda testing because of Galen being out and the team shortage . Should we have a back up to Lynda if she cannot get away from the day to day so we do not loose any time on the testing . Just a thought . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Just to keep you in the loop . This is on the Bushton Measurement arbitration . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . to keep you in the loop . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , where are we on training ? Are we OK for end of month billing ? THanks . Lynn
Ava , please be sure this is on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Sharon , I am doing very well but cannot come back to work until Tuesday . They will remove all the drain tubes Monday . Thanks for your thoughts and prayers . I'll see you on Tuesday . Thanks . Lynn
Toby , Terry and I talked about this and I will address it again in next weeks team leader meeting . Sorry for any inconvenience . The teams should be aware of the procedure . Thanks . Lynn
Randy , what did this mean to shippers nominating on NNG's pipe ? Do they have to change their location or POI number for nomination purposes ? If so , how did we communicate to the shippers . How does this effect OBA's ? Thanks for the update . Lynn
Ava , can you sign me up for the Tuesday , June 26 ? If I am not available , could you spend some time with me and train me after my conversion next week ? Thanks . Lynn
Ava , thanks for the update . Please let me know how the session goes . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . I am sure you are already up to speed . Glad your back . See ya on Tuesday . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , can you follow up with the team , Chris and Sue to be sure we are all on the same page on this issue ? Thanks . Lynn
Joe , are you and Gary up to speed on this ElPaso outage on the 26th ? Any concerns on our side ? Thanks . Lynn
Kelly , this would not send to the "Outlook Migration team" . So I am sending it to you Ava . Ava , Please get with Kelly and find out how we send it to the team . Thanks . Lynn
Rick , if you have some time on Tuesday , I would like to visit with you about this . I don't want this move to be any more negative than what it is . I have a possible game plan I would like to talk with you about and then maybe you and I need to take Larry and Raetta to lunch give them a chance to talk and then let them know our next steps . Glad you are back . Lynn
It was good to get your note . To answer your question , I had my last ( hopefully ) surgery last Monday , June 18th . Everything went well . I should be back to work on Tuesday , June 26th . I was surprised I did not get postponed with the flooding down in the Medical Center . I stayed over one night and I was sure ready to go home the next day . I really felt for those nurses . The hospital ( Diagnostic Hospital ) was full to capacity since they were helping out the Medthodist and Herman hospitals . Hope all your belongings in storage were OK . I am so glad ya'll did not have more damage than you did . I talked to Ricki yesterday and she has people starting to come in and redo the walls in her house this week . I am so glad you told me about Steve Klimesh's mom . I had not heard about that . Do you by chance have his address . I would like to send him a card . I had lunch with him right before he left and he was really looking forward to spending time with his Mom . Speaking of parents , how are yours ? Hope they are both doing well . As soon as Steve gets back we will email you and definitely go to lunch . Take care of each other . We sure miss you both . Lynn
FYI . Just to keep you in the loop . John , will you verify with Charlie that Rick Kile and Ronnie have the lead on this and that he is not waiting on us for anything . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava and John , please let me know if we are not going to have this info by Tuesday . THanks . Lynn
An update on our change for the Storage Allocation . Several questions have come up over the weekend . The weekend crew is documenting the questions . I have left Mike Bodnar and John Buchanan a phone mail message to research the questions and concerns on Monday . Then we will group with storage and determine what changes need to be made . One change we talked about on the Sunday morning call with storage is to be able to use SBS on the non allocated portion of storage . ie , if we are allocating injections , then withdrawals should still use SBS . If we are allocating withdrawals , then injections should still have access to SBS . Mike Bodnar will pursue this enhancement further . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , since Terry is out this week , can you take the lead to find out status of this report as you are checking to consistency with this report and the automation of the storage report . Let's discuss on Tuesday . Thanks . Lynn
Richard , what is the status of this issue ? Thanks . Lynn
Ava , let's go ahead with this day and time . I will cover for John . Thanks . Lynn
Mary , we would love to have you come . Thanks . Lynn
Randy , thanks for your prompt reply . Lynn
Galen's home address is as follows . Several people had asked for it to send cards . I am sure he would appreicate the thoughts and prayers . Home Address 10622 Endicott Lane Thanks . Lynn
Please let me know if you have received this test message . Thanks , Ava
I have 4 tickets for the Astros game on Thursday,July 12 and 4 tickets for Friday , July 13th . Does anyone have a customer they would like to take to the game either one one of those nights ? Please let me know ASAP . Thanks . Lynn
Jean , Ava , has us covered . Thanks . Lynn
Christine and Janet , you two can have the tickets . you need to discuss which night each of you want and let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Renee and Raetta , are you guys comfortable with this info ? Is there any thing else we need from the field on Marketing ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thought you might be interested in seeing this . Hope all is well . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Gary did a good job of addressing some issues for us . Thanks . Lynn
Sharon , Gina is taking care of this since Shelley is out of town . We are very sorry we missed his name . I am glad he said something . Shelley , Richard is one of the NNG/TW Gas Controllers and was here all weekend of the flood . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , is this taken care of ?  Thanks . Lynn
Janet and Christine , I need: Which date each of you want: Who you are taking ( name ) Company Name they are representing Thanks . Lynn
Just a reminder to let everyone know Ava is out of the office on vacation this week . She will be returning on Monday , July 9th . If you need administrative assistance , please call Sharon Brown . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , sorry , I probably deleted not realizing it ( I was adjusting to Outlook ) Would you mind resending it . Thanks . Lynn
Ricki , FYI . I gave Christine the tickets for July 12th . I will get you the info from Janet for the 13th . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , we had our weekly TW imbalance meeting this morning and I think you will be very pleased next week to see the progress the team has made . They have come up with plans for both the dollar valued and volumetric imbalances . We have ensured the volumetric imbalances have not grown this last week and will continue this effort . TK , Darrell and Dan are bringing suggestions to the table to look at the economics of what the customers are doing . We will continue to monitor throughout this week and weekend and be ready for an update on Tuesday . Hope you both are having a great vacation . See ya next week . Lynn
John and Terry , please review and let me know any comments . Rick and Jodie , FYI Thanks . Lynn
Tammy , would you have some time for us to discuss our game plan ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Any changes you want to make are OK with me . Thanks . Lynn
Sharon , could add the following company/person to the invitee list . In talking with Bob Stevens it sounds like Semco is doing more and more business on NNG and he felt we should invite them . Dave Tyler Manager of Regulatory Affairs and Gas Services Thanks . Lynn
Ricki , are you planning on Ava covering for you next week when she gets back ? Or is Alma covering for you ? Thanks . Lynn
I have 4 astro tickets forTuesday , July 17 ( Astro vs Cleveland Indians ) and 4 tickets for Friday , July 20 ( Astro vs Cubs ) Does anyone have customers they would like to take . Please let me know the date , name of customer and customer company ASAP . Thanks . Lynn
I don't think anything has changed . I just wanted to be sure I had the right understanding . Ava can certainly help out where needed . Thanks . Lynn
There will be an update meeting on the status of the TW customer meeting on Tuesday , July 10 at 1:00 p.m . in EB4194 . The meeting will focus on the following: Finalizing date - October 23 or October 24 , 2001 Ensuring everyone has seen the customer list Boat - Size Meals Gifts Access to training room in Enron Building on 5 Agreement on invitation ( Mark your Calendar ) to be sent mid July Status of Agenda Thanks . Lynn
Sorry for the change . But the below referenced meeting has been re-scheduled for: Wednesday , July 11 at 3:00 p.m . in EB4102 Thanks . Lynn
Rick , Mike and Jodie , we reviewed the attached recommendation and wanted to pass on an idea to you . On NNG , we are trying to ensure new or existing meters do NOT come on without a schedule volume to ensure proper billing . Since TBS' on NNG do not always have a scheduled volume tied to it , we may need to ensure the volume is covered at the Zone level by the shipper . Do you think this is something the Measurement Desk could help the field with ? We certainly would be glad to help in any way on the scheduling side . This is especially important for new meters as we go through the billing process . Just a thought . Thanks . Lynn
It's a surprise!!!!!!!!!! ! - We had a choice of 2 different sizes and Ava is checking on some info for us . Thanks . lynn
Mike , thank you for the update . My only concern now is the file Jeff sent us last night took 13 hours to load ( I am not sure it ever loaded) . I know Jeff is diligently working on this , hopefully he can get this fixed this weekend . Tammy has a call into Jeff to see if we need someone available this weekend to help test . Thanks again for your support and follow up .
Tammy , thanks for the update . Please keep me posted if we are not going to meet Wed . dead line . Thanks . Lynn
Ranelle , I have a meeting Tuesday afternoon from 2:30 - 3;30 and Wednesday from 1:00 - 2:00 . Otherwise I am available on those two afternoons . I would like for John Buchanan and Terry Kowalke to be included on this discussion . Thanks for getting this meeting set up . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Dennis , you are right , we are in the process of combining the two northend teams . They should be getting with you to give you any info you need to update PLE . Thanks for following up on this . Lynn
Dennis , John has been working with IT on a Forest and Trees issue which was fixed this weekend . You might want to check and see if it is the same problem you are having . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . This is Christopher's roommates resume . Mary Kay is sending me Christophers today hopefully . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , go ahead and get you a new printer . Thanks . Lynn
John , can you please review and make sure Dennis has all our people plus associates on the distribution list . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . LYnn
Ava , how should we handle ? Thanks . Lynn
Ava , here is the other email I got on expense report . Thank.s Lynn
Talk about a blast from the past . Thought you might like to see this . Thanks . Lynn
I know a lot of work has gone into this effort and I really appreciate all the creative thinking some of you have done to accomplish our new report . Dale and John , would you please work together to get the accounting support team to meet with us and to talk to someone about the long-term implementation of this project . Thanks . Lynn
Here are a couple of things I want to be sure we discuss in the morning . Two Associate Interviews - Bring to Houston PRC My conversation with Brad about the Migration this weekend Meeting scheduled for Thursday PGAS concerns - Jodie taking lead with you and reps
Ava , just wanted to be sure you saw this . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , would you work with Darrell on this issue and let me know outcome ? Thanks . Lynn
Donna , I want to be sure we put this in Friday's bullets if Mary leaves it out . This is signifcant for her as well as the North Team . Thanks . Lynn
Alicia , I am sorry I did not get this sent to you earlier , but I have a prior commitment and will not be able to attend . I hope it is a good time for everyone else . Thanks . Lynn
Larry and Raetta , did Randy do this on his own ? Thanks . Lynn
Attached is the action form HR has indicated we are to use for Level 3 performer . This form will be in addition to the PEP system Peformance review form . In discussions with Shelly we will use the form for all Level 3 , but ONLY input "target dates" for those employees with issues . Thought I would pass it on and let you modify as you need for your reviews . If I have throughly confused you , give me a call . Thanks . Lynn
Julia , got your message last night . Hope all is well . Steve and I wondered if you would be available for lunch , Tuesday , Wednesday or possibly Thursday next week . We would love to see you and Dave . Let us know . We can meet you wherever it is convenient for you . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Terry and John , do you have Mike's desk covered on those two days ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , did you recieve this message ? Thanks . Lynn
Well , guys sorry it has taken me so long to get this out . But attached is the list of functions that we could designate certain assistants to be primary and secondary knowledge base . Please review and let me know of changes and additions you would like to see by Tuesday , July 17th . Then I will recap for the Wednesday meeting . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please change per our conversation . Thanks Lynn
Julia , Thursday sounds great . We can leave as early as 11:00 a.m . since Steve is catching a plane to Minneapolis that afternoon . Just let us know where and when . We look forward to seeing you guys Thursday . Have a good week . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . A little higher capacity than we had anticipated . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , thanks for your help on this effort as well as your quick response . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Gina here is the spreadsheet I was talking to you about . Sorry I failed to put your name on here . Thanks . Lynn
No replied to these tickets . Do you have anyone you want to give them to in your groups ? Thanks . Lynn
Ricki , do we have any tickets for next week ? I would like to go ahead and give Laura some as a "thank you" for switching pipelines . Thanks . Lynn
FYI , Thanks . Lynn
Brad , sorry I did not get the message to Ava before she sent this out . She will send another out in the morning and include Tammy . Thanks . Lynn
Gina , each assistant does time sheets . So I believe Alma Green would be the person that supports you . Cost centers is Donna's responsibility to work with us . She has been real good about researching information for us . Just let her know what you need . I may go ahead and have a Primary and Secondary for Time Sheet questions and we can discuss on Wed . Thanks Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ricki , it might be quicker to re-create the timeline . I can give you a colored copy so you can keep it identical to the one we have . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . Thought you might be interested in this info . We will keep you posted . Thanks . Lynn
Dale , what is the timing for adding this information . Also are you or John setting up the meeting to discuss the accounting imbalance info ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , did you send out last weeks notes ? If so can you resend to team advisors and coordinators . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , I think you want to continue using this report . It is the report we have used all along to confirm the number against the ultra sonic meters . We can discuss further if you like . Thanks . Lynn
Sheila , could I have one of the nights next week to give to Laura for Astro tickets ? I'll give you one of mine!!! ! Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , the DCC ( downstream capacity constraint ) code was to acknowledge that the downstream is the constraint vs our pipeline being the constraint . We are working with Tammy and Donna to come up with existing codes to use for Needles and Nigas . Thanks . Lynn
So , why did only Jean and Janet readily respond ? Thanks . Lynn
Brad , do we need to bump this concern up a level ? or have you already ? Seems like there has been a LOT of down time . Thanks . Lynn
Jeff , thanks for taking care of this . We appreciate your help . Dale , would you let me know if everything looks OK in our systems for all three pipes ? Thanks . Lynn
When: Tuesday , July 24 , 2001 10:00 AM-11:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: Lynn's Office
Ava , I have review the IP/TV anti trust and sent that to Frazier King . Some of the others may have done the same . You might call Frazier and see who is still on his list of these people . And if my name pops up let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Todd , I am planning on attending both the Sunday event as well as the meeting on Monday . I look forward to the meetings . Thanks . Lynn
Mike and Terry , does this impact our storage numbers for July ? Thanks . Lynn
Karon , I would like to order a 15" flat screen monitor for Christine McEvoy ( EB4135K) . Her monitor is going out and we need to replace it as soon as possible . Please let me know if you need any additional information . Thanks . Lynn
I would like to have a meeting to review pros and cons in relation to the procedure Transwestern is using today for the SoCal Needles "window" allocation . Some of the questions being asked: 1 . Why are we allocating for SoCal , ( at their request) ? 2 . Why are we allowing SoCal to set the capacity lower than TW's primary firm ? 3 . What are the options for TW to change the alloction procedure at Needles ? I am sure there is a host of other questions we could answer as well . We are looking at Tuesday , July 24 , at 9:00 a.m or Wednesday , July 25 , 1:30 p.m . Please let Ava Garcia ( 713-853-5842 ) know which day is better for you . Then we will get a room and let everyone know date and time . Thanks . Lynn
Tangie , I had a call from Delaine yesterday and she and several others want to come down the week of August 20th to clean up all issues . I said let me know who is coming . She is sending me a list . Hopefully we can resolve this at that time . Does that work for you ? Also , are you here that week of August 20 ? Thanks . Lynn
Brad , thanks for the info . Also should John Dushinske be invited to this meeting ? He is the Vice President over the North End Generation load and new services . Just a thought . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , FYI . Thanks . Lynn
When: Tuesday , July 24 , 2001 9:00 AM-10:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: Lynn's Office
Ava , that is fine with me . Just be sure you have a back up and let the teams know . who is the back up . Thanks . Lynn
Steve , FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Miranda , please sign me up for August 22 for the below referenced training session . Thanks . Lynn
Terry and John , please plan on attending . Thanks . Lynn
Rob and Teb , I heard you were interested in joining us tomorrow at teh SoCal Needles meeting . Just wanted to send you the information below and let you know we have you covered for lunch as well . Look forward to seeing you tomorrow . Thanks . Lynn
Alma , I have this meeting on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Jan , thanks for the update . This helps me to "think" cold to pack!!!! ! Thansk . Lynn
Tammy are doing Wed or Thursday ? I have Fran scheduled for Wed . morning , but can reschedule if we need to use that time for the accounting training . If it is Thursday , I will reshuffle my meetings . Thanks . Lynn
Kent and Dave , I reviewed our analysis of the swing for July 17th this morning in the meeting . High level recap is: 130,000 Due to building line pack from Monday's gas day 95,000 Day to Day payback and I/C shortages (  the bulk of this was to repay Norval and Valero Sprayberry about 60,000 from the previous day ) 140,000 Due to Market Area overtake ( this includes 40,000 of Mid Am imbalance plus 100,000 spread over ABC , D and EF . In looking at LSF , we were not able to determine that any one zone over pulled . It looked to be pretty evenly distributed ) 15,000 Due to 5% tolerance on Power packs . 380,000 The total swing was 419,000 . The difference of 39,000 is a combination operational adjustments . Hopefully this helps to identify some of your concerns . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Steve , FYI . Thansk . Lynn
Mike , thanks for the info . I would like to be included on receiving the log weekly . Thanks . Lynn
One of you may want to set in on this meeting . If not I can bring you up to speed . Thanks . Lynn
Vernon , yes , you can do pool to pool transactions on an MPS agreement .
Vernon , please see my answers in red . Sounds like you had a great meeting . Let me know if you need any other info . Thanks . Lynn
When: Thursday , July 26 , 2001 9:30 AM-10:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Brad , let's try calling Mike or Ed Thursday mg at 9:30 ? Does that work for you
Terry , please plan on attending . Thanks . Lynn
John , would you please work with Brad Holmes and Jerry Medeles to capture all of the system enhancements we have made on NNG since last years meeting . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , would you please designate these on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Larry and Raetta , could you touch base with Kathy and see if you can help her out . If not , then let's get together . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Mary , FYI . Thought I would pass this on . Would you like to discuss further ? Thanks . Lynn
Mike and John , let's discuss ? I may have led Vernon astray ? Thanks . Lynn
There is a meeting scheduled for Wednesday , August 1 , to reveiew how TW allocates through pools . Ava - Please see if you can possible get us 4102 and let us know where we will be meeting . Ava - Please order food for 10 from Trebeards . The combination red beans and rice and shrimp et.... . ( don't know how to spell!!) . Ramona - Carla is most interested in allocations through pools on the receipt side of the business . Doesn't mean she won't ask about delivery . Let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . These are some of the comments and requests we get about people attending the meeting . Normally since Duke is in town and Duke and Robert have an opportunity to meet here , we usually do not sent those reps to the Winter Ops meeting . However , a lot is going on with Duke right now and it might be very beneficial for us to go ahead and send Robert . I'll review the list with you before we make a final decision on who goes . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , we have finally made a decision to go with November 8 and 9th , 2001 for the TW Customer meeting . Please work with Donna on the details and let me know if you are not able to get the hotel for that time frame . Donna , it was also suggested we just do the meeting in the Enron building and then go down to Kehma for the boat ride . What do you think of that idea ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Larry and Raetta , do you agree with Dari's comment ? Thanks . Lynn
Janet , please work with Larry and Raetta to put together a settlement letter . I would like for Rick and Dari to review the letter before we send it . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . We will let you know how well this arrangement works after several weeks of testing it . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Dana , the signed copy after the meeting is fine with me . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , remember I am on vacation August 6 through August 17th . So it would be good to schedule one for the week of August 20th , maybe the 22 or 23 to give me a couple of days to get back . Thanks . Lynn
Do any of you know if we use this Right Fax ? Thanks . Lynn
John , can you help me put together the presentation we want for the Winter Ops meeting ? Thanks . Lynn
Let's discuss in the morning . Thanks . Lynn
Donna , my portable PC I am using today is an IBM ThinkPad 600 . Please let me know if you need more info than that . Thanks . Lynn
I talked to Lisa with ENW and told her I would pass her concern on to the regulatory and marketing group . That seem to make her feel better anyway . We are working with her and other customers as needed to help them through the Timely process for the first . At this time we are not planning on extended the Timely deadline , but we will revisit that decision as we get closer to 11:30 . Thanks for everyones support and help . Lynn
Michele , just wanted to forward this to you and see if you would like to atten ? We would love to have you join us . Thanks . Lynn
I will be on vacation , but Terry Kowalke and Steve January can cover for me . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Toby , thanks for the way you sent this note to folks . Lynn
FYI . Are you aware of this ? Thanks . Lynn
Do you guys agree with Vernon's answers ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Donna , I wanted to let you know this for budget purposes . I am still waiting to hear from South Central teams and TW . Thanks . Lynn
Vernon , looks good to me . I also had John and Terry review it to be sure we did not mislead you . They were fine as well . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , I thought I would pass this on to you . It is not too often we get to pass on good comments . I will include this info in the year end reviews as well since we are still working on the report Ken refers to . Also this is another example of why we need a business objects person in our group or connected with out group . Thanks . Lynn
Alfredo , Joe Hartsoe and Shelley Corman have asked Dannis Ballard and myself to work with you on Mr . Formaggio's visit to Enron . If possible , we would prefer August 23/24 for Mr Fomaggio's visit . But , we certainly can made August 20/21 work if necessary . We look forward to meeting and visiting with Mr . Fomaggio . Dannis and I will work on an agenda to cover the topics you listed below . If you have any questions , please let Dannis or I know . Thanks . Lynn
Maria , I wanted to follow up after discussions with you and Shelley , the SoCal window is based on what SoCal is willing to confirm into their system for the day . It does not necessarily have anything to do with physical capacity at Needles . If you have any questions , please let us know . Thanks . Lynn
Rachel , congratulations , this is a well deserved promotion . Thanks . Ly|
Shelley , I do not see the ladies name you mentioned on any of these emails . If you will forward it to me . I will send her this note . Thanks . Lynn
Donna , I need one laptop computer for Terry or John to use when they are out of town . Please put them on the list . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
TK and I haev reviewd and agree with the statement . Thanks . Lynn
Ricki , I do not have anything . Thanks . Lynn
TK , I saw this after you left . See what your thoughts are ? Thanks . Lynn
Thought you might be interested in seeing this for fun . Have a great day . Lynn
Shelley , while I am on vacation John is working on two presentations for me . a . Start pulling together enhancements , LFT , Reverse Auction , team pictures , etc . b . Customer hot buttons for marketing and Customer Service - John will talk to teams to get ideas . We will pass on to Dave Neubauer all marketing issues . c . John will work with Debbie Moore as we finalize the presentation . 2 . Italian Visitor - a . John is modifying an existing presentation we have used for international visitors . b . John will work with Debbie Moore to finalize presentation the week of Aug . 20th . Shelley and Steve , let John know of any questions or concerns . Thanks . Lynn
In talking with Delaine today , the date has changed for Oneok to come to Houston . They are now looking at August 27 or 28th . Mary , does that work for you at all ? Is everyone in the office those two days ? I will be in the office Monday morning , August 6 , so let me know and then I will coordinate with Delaine . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , how come these guys did not have access to SAP ? Just curious . Thanks . Lynn
Please set Randy Janzen up for SAP access . Thanks . Lynn Blair
I would like to remind everyone it is very critical that we send out accurate invoices to our customers . It is our responsibility to review the reports ahead of time ( Measurement , Preliminaries , etc) . I feel very strongly that we should NOT be taking comp days on critical accounting days . As I have stated in previous memos this is mainly , reservation close day , the day before commodity close and commodity close day . You should also be considerate of your team when scheduling vacation around these days and ensure you have SPECIFIED proper back up . It is still your responsibility to ensure your invoices are properly reviewed and sent out whether you are in the office or not . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Toby , I wanted to be sure you saw this . Thanks . Lynn
Randy , that is great . Keep me posted . Thanks . Lynn
Alma , John Buchanan will be attending in my place . Please send him a request to attend . Thanks . Lynn
I will be out of the office August 6 thru August 17th . In my absence you can contact the following people: Scheduling Issues - John Buchanan Terry Kowalke Gas Accounting Issues - Larry Berger Rick Dietz Operational Issues - Gary Spraggins Darrell Schoolcraft Steve January System Issues - Please go through John or Terry . If they are not available , contact Brad Holmes If you need a Director for signatures: Rick Dietz and Steve January will be available . Have a great two weeks . I will be thinking of all of you while I am on vacation!!!!! ! Thanks . Lynn
John , this was my original message . so you can modify and resend . Thanks . Lynn
Fran , please update Leonards Review with the attached comments . Thanks . Lynn
Steve , I thought you might be interested in this meeting . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please put this on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , FYI . Also , would you please follow up with Gerry and be sure we will have this fix in by September 1 . Thanks . Lynn
John and Terry , what kind of training are we going to give the teams to be sure they understand how to use CAS ? Thanks . Lynn
John , are we suppose to put together a handout for the morning meeting ? Let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
John , FYI . Thanks . Lynn
John , did you ever get any information on this ? This may be part of our presentation . Thanks . Lynn
Shawn , it was good to hear from you . Sorry it has taken so long to answer . I will certainly look at the possibility of Robert being at the customer meeting . I appreciate your comments . I am glad Shawn is going to be able to attend . Have a good week . Thanks . Lynn
Ronnie , I just got back from vacation and wanted to follow up on the discussion below . Have you heard back from Jerry ? Do you need me to try calling Delaine again ? Thanks . Lynn
Mike , thanks for the update . I have a couple of questions/comments: 1 . Is Legal and Regulatory in the loop on these decisions ? 2 . Anything we can automate , I would like to ensure we have the automation on the enhancement list . I like the idea of automating the last bullet . I am not sure if it is in CMS or elsewhere , but I would like to be sure we pursue this automation . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please be sure this is on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , no problem . Just remind me . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
I talked with Gary Anderson and he has assured my this fix will be done before August production close . As far as the "sum station" issue , they have it as an high priority . He was not sure they would have it fixed by August close by should have it by September close . Raetta if you hear anything different , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , if we could have an update before I go to Omaha next Monday I would appreicate it . We are meeting with Marketing and the new morning report format is one of the topics . Thanks . Lynn
The accounting/Market Service SGA conference is being held this year in New Orleans on September 26 - 28 . I would like for each team to pick a candidate to attend this meeting . If you attended last year , it would be good to give someone else an opportunity this year to attend . A few of the highlights of the conference are: Internet Billing presentation and discussion Presentation on electric deregulation Natural Gas Prices Challenges and issues for electric scheduling and accounting Please let me know who you candidate will be by Monday , August 27 . If you have any questions about the conference , you can give me , Larry or Raetta a call . Thanks . Lynn
Dale , what is the status of your research on this project . Were we able to get to a zone level ? Thanks . Lynn
Joe , are all of these points valid for transport ? Thanks . Lynn
Larry/Randy , what is the status of the contracts ? Have they been terminated ? Thanks . Lynn
Larry and Raetta , would you work with Janet to finalize this process and let me know the outcome . Thanks . Lynn
It looks like we are on for a meeting with Oneok on the 29th . Are you guys in the office on that day ? The main topic of discussion is the new Mid Continent Market Center interconnect at Bushton . Please let me know if you are available or not . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Is this the same on NNG and TW ? Thanks . Lynn
Rob and Teb , this is the agenda I left you a message about . I realize this is last minute , so if it does not work for you to visit with Mr . Formaggio , I think we can cover the time . Thanks . Lynn
Jim , good idea . I had not thought about that . Thanks . Lynn
John looks good . I have a call into Lisa Sawyer to get her opinion on the 9/30 target date . But you can go ahead and get this to Debbie . Thanks . Lynn
Karen , no problem we can call you in for your part only . I do not have any more detail at this time , but if we get some before the 29th I will pass it on to you . Thanks . Lynn
Larry , thanks . Just keep me posted . Thanks . Lynn
Vernon , here is what was sent to the customers . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thank . Lynn
Sharon , I found the agenda you sent out and Vernon sent it to Virginia Power . This is their reply . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . All four of you do not need to be there . But I would like one from accounting and one from scheduling . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I was in the office all this pay period . Thanks . Lynn
I am concerned we will have/or should have some of the frank discussions we have with AA setting in the room . Is there anyway we could have a rooster everyone signs to show we attended if that is all they are concerned about ? Just a thought . I can live with either decision , but I want to prep my people before the meeting if AA attends . Thanks . Lynn
Brad , I thought we were re-arranging the meeting to do Rates and Revenue before the other topics . Otherwise , looks good to me . Thanks . Lynn
Pat , thank you for sending this to me . Do you by chance have Bill's home address ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , I am assuming you are aware of this . In case you weren't , I thought I would pass it on . This is Bill's address . Thanks . Lynn
There are several things we need to discuss on Monday: Schedule for not working weekends , but making up that time on evenings during the week . Mastio study letter Oneok Meeting Shift Differential communication to teams - By payperiod vs by month Winter Ops presentation I did not want to forget these items . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , who requested these to be done before the 8:00 a.m . meeting ? Let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Charlie , I agree we should get payment either way . Gas Logistics is meeting with Oneok on Wednesday on some other matters . Do you want Steve Herber or I to mention this again to Delaine or wait to see what their review says ? Thanks . Lynn
Jodie , Toby , Steve and I are planning on reviewing and performing a practice run on our presentations . Anyone that wants to join us is welcome . Thanks . Lynn
Please review and let Dari and I know of any changes , additions , etc . Thanks . Lynn
I definitely think we should let customers know as needed basis . Someone should certainly talk to ENA . Terry , please work with Jean on this . John and Terry , are there other customers who download our rates ? Thanks . Lynn
Raetta or Larry , do either one of you have the SMS chart on line ? I only have a hard copy . If you could help Courtney out , I would appreciate it . I will be in Omaha tomorrow and back in the office Wednesday . Thanks . Lynn
Guys , sorry we left off the day . We are doing this on Friday , August 31 . Thanks . Lynn
John , please work with the team to be sure we have the basis covered until we have our meeting next week . Thanks . Lynn
Approved . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thought you might be interested . Thanks . Lynn
Randy , I think it would be a good idea to do some training in Omaha . But we should coordinate it to cover all customers in the Omaha area . Then we can do it in one trip . Thanks . Lynn
John , thanks for questioning this . Lynn
Ava , please add to my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Alfredo , I would be glad to visit with you tomorrow ( Friday ) anytime after 1:00 p.m . You can call me at X37637 or if you get my phone mail you can call Ava Garcia at X35842 and she will find me for you . Thanks . Lynn
I have 4 baseball tickets for Wednesday , September 12 and 4 tickets for Thursday , September 13 for the Astros vs Giants . If anyone has a customer they would like to take , please let me know by Wednesday , September 5th . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI .
Shelley , I talked with Kent Miller and he confirmed that the Storage group sends storage volumes to EIA for reporting purposes . They do NOT send anything to AGA . But it is his understanding that AGA is getting their information from EIA so by default he believes that AGA gets NNG's storage numbers . As a reminder this question came up in the staff meeting this week and I was to follow up with Kent . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , Just wanted to pass on to you , Becky Cantrell and I met with Alfredo today to review our discussions with Mr . Formaggio . We had a very good conversation and Alfredo may be calling in the future for more information . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
OK , here is what I have: For Wednesday , September 12 - Cynthia and Renee ( NGPL ) ( 2 tickets ) For Wednesday , September 12 - Robert and Duke ( 2 tickets ) For Thursday , September 13 - Bert and Texaco ( 4 tickets ) Cynthia I am assuming you only wanted 2 tickets . If that is not correct let me know and we can give one of you the 12th and the other a later game . Thanks . Lynn
John , can you follow up on the new delivery point for Wisconsin Gas . Is there a better procedure with contracts/PLE to ensure we have all new points set up properly for operator confirmation . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , can you follow up with the Wizard problem on TW . Thanks . LYnn
FYI . Terry why don't you call Delaine and follow up that this has been taken care of . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Did you receive ?
Robert , I would like to give all four tickets to Cynthia for this round since you will be spending time with Duke next week at the Winter Ops meeting . Will catch you on the next round . Cynthia come by and get the tickets . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , very valid concern . Do we need to re-look at our procedure ? Thanks . Lynn
Steve and Audrey , thank you so much for the invitation , but I will be at the NNG Customer meeting in Kansas City otherwise I would plan on attending . Have a great time . Thanks . Lynn
Please put on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , would you please check with Joe on the problems with lights and air conditioning per the attached memo . Do we need to call security for anything ? Thanks . Lynn
Amy , we still have Julia White on the attached form . Can you work with Terry to remove Julia's name and add Shelley's ? Thanks . Lynn
John is out of the office until Wednesday . He sent me this list of topics he caught in the second break out session . Thought I would go ahead and pass them on to you . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , thank you for taking care of this . I really appreciate your pro active involvement with the new hires as well as helping Ava out . Thanks again . Lynn
Toby , what is the status of this issue ? Thanks . Lynn
John , let's discuss when you get back Wednesay . Thanks . Lynn
Ricki FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Alma , hopefully , I am not too late . If so , just let me know who has copies and I can borrow theirs . Thanks . Lynn
Frank , since this never happened , are we going to meet with Mark Woofter to resolve this issue ? Do Steve and I need to come up and sit down with you and Mark and come to a resolution that works for everyone ? Just let us know how you would like to handle . Thanks for all your help . Lynn
Sheila , good to hear from you . The meeting went very well . although I was very nervous about this one . Good response from the customers . We had approximately 80 customers at the meeting . I think that is a record . Call me when you feel like it and I tell you more . Hope you are feeling well . Thanks . Lynn
Charlie , let me try calling Delaine in the morning and ask her who is next in the chain of command I should visit with on this issue . Let's see what kind of a response I get . If that does not work , then Mike or Shelley may need to call . I will let you know . Thanks . Lynn
Attached is the supplemental PAA form that needs to be filled out with the form Shelley sent . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , are all our questions answered ? Thanks . Lynn
John and Terry , I want you two in on this discussion . Thanks . Lynn
I want to get together and discuss this before we call Dari or Rita . Ava , please set up a time on Wednesday or Thursday . Thanks . Lynn
I talked with Mary Darveaux and there are some possible billing changes coming that we need to discuss in the morning . 1 . There may be a 10 day lag on pricing 2 . The MPS imbalance volume will be taken out of the tiering denominator calculation . ( as well as fuel ) 3 . We need to run a report to see how oftern ( if at all ) we have had imbalances on MPS contracts . Do you have any time Wed . morning ? What about 9:00 a.m . in my office ? If that doesn't work we can look at tomorrow afternoon . Thanks . Lynn
We can make the meeting Thursday afternoon if that is better for you guys . It will be short because there is not a whole lot to discuss . Rick , FYI , Shelley postponed her meeting until 10:00 in the morning so she could listen in on FERC meeting . Possible means they do not have a final ruling as to what direction we are going , but she wanted to give us a "heads up" from a system perspective . Hopefully that helps . See ya'll in the morning . Thanks . Lynn
How about tomorrow , Wednesday , September 12 , at 1:30 or 2:30 ? Diana , Terry and John can meet me in my office and we can call Rita and Bob . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , would you please print these off for me on a colored printer . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Todd , I am looking forward to the meeting in October as well as meeting you . I wanted to let you know ETS would like to add one more person to list for the meeting . Theresa Hess is now in the ETS Gs Logistics group and I think it would be beneficial for her to attend . Please add Theresa on any future emails . Her email address is theresa.hess@enron.com . In talking with Sheryl , I think you are all booked up for the Sunday activity , but Sheryl put Theresa on the list in case of a cancellation . One topic I wouldl ike to talk about at the meeting: is the "mis matches" across interconnecting pipelines at the Intraday 2 cycle . This is still a concern for the Enron pipes and I wold like to know if anyone has come up with any "great" ideas on minimizing these mismatches . If you would like to discuss further , please call me ( 713 ) 853-7637 . Have a great day and I look forward to seeing you on October 21 . Thanks . Lynn
Sherry , where was Jean ? Thanks . Lynn
Ava , what kind of calendars do you have ? Thanks . Lynn
Donna , did you and Shelley have any more discussion on the move and getting a letter to the reps ? I would like to send something out to them . There are a lot of questions . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Wanted to be sure you were both in the loop that we are NOT posting Shipper imbalances to the Web , only OBA Dollar Valued agreements . If you have any questions , please let me know . This was decided after a meeting this morning with Shelley and Teb to review TW tariff and compliance . Thanks . Lynn
I do not understand this schedule . Where is Diana and Renee in the evenings ? Also can you give me the schedule for the weekends now that you have Diana and Renee on the weekends ? Plus I would like to know what customers you gave Diana and Renee from a scheduling perspective and what you took away from them from an accounting perspective to even the workloads . Could one of you schedule some time with me and John to review the above questions ? Thanks . Lynn
Randy , what is the status of the OBA ? Thanks . Lynn
John , have we met all of these "to do's" ? Thanks . Lynn
Dale , how are we coming on this project in relation to the info Esther sent you ? Do you need anything else from Esther ? Thanks . Lynn
I just reviewed a vacation report that covers vacation up through 8/15/01 . There are still a lot of people with a large amount of vacation . I made an assumption everyone is carrying over 40 hours ( which is the max ) to 2002 . There was still a lot of vacation to be taken . I would like to meet with a member from each team Friday , September 14 , at 2:00 to review your teams schedule for the rest of the year . We can meet in my office . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . I thought I would pass this on to you . This was the gentlemen from Italy that we spent time with a couple of weeks ago . Thanks . Lynn
Donna , please move the following people: John Buchanan - September 21 Lynn Blair - September 24 Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Here is our first draft .
I am fine with Gary and Darrel having update access as long as they understand that it means they have access to change shippers info . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I will contribute $10.00 . Jut come by and get it . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please get with Randy and look at his schedule and mine for us to meet the first of next week . Thanks . Lynn
Becky , yes I got a note as well . I was very impressed he took the time to acknowledge this situation to us . Hope all is well for you . I enjoyed the opportunity to work with you on Mauro's trip . Take care . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI , Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . John is on call this weekend and will work closely with all the teams as we look at the EDI files on Sunday morning . Thanks . Lynn
Sheila , FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Glen , do you want us to call you in your office ? Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , for Saturday's gas day the Socal window was approximately 653,000 . We actually scheduled 615,674 For Sunday's gas day the window started at 707,476 and ended at 645,892 . We actually scheduled 615,618 Otherwise the weekend was quite . I'll leave the schedules for Socal on your desk in case you want them . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , I agree . Let's let them know . Thanks . Lynn
Since we are all moving at different times , we have declared this week to be "causal week" to accomodate cleaning out files , desk , etc . The more we clean out now , the easier it will be to move to our final destination . We appreciate everyone's efforts to accomodate the move as best we can . Please let Donna , Sheila , Rick , Steve , Brad or I know if you have any questions . Thanks . Lynn
Due to all the teams being on different floors , I am very concerned about coverage by John and Terry to accommodate all the team needs . Here is a plan I would like to propose for now through March , 2002 . Terry concentrates on all TW issues and testing since he will be on 13 with the team . John concentrates on NNG North end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team Mike concentrates on NNG South end and testing since he will be on 42 with the NNG team As each of you are on vacation , then the other 2 will cover your area . Another option is to have Larry and Raetta help out with the NNG teams during this time frame Let's discuss on Wednesday after you have had a day to think about this . Thanks . Lynn
Fran , here is the draft we worked on today . Thanks . Lynn
John , can you plan on attending ? Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I think it is a great idea . If Shelley is OK with it , would you please coordinate the effort . Thanks . Lynn
Terry and Darrell , are you both planning on attending ? To keep this low key I will not attend , but will be available if you need me . Are you OK with that ? Thanks . Lynn
Mike , is this what you are looking for ? If I need to talk to anyone to help you get the referrel , let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please put this on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Donna , I am not going to worry about this unless you tell me I need to . Thanks . Lynn
Mauro , it was very good to hear from you , I just wish it would have been under different circumstances . I do appreicate your thoughtfulness . Hope all is well with you and your family . Take care . Lynn Blair
Sheryl , right now I am planning on coming in Friday night , late since I could not get there Saturday morning . So hope all works out . If not I am sure I can find something to do on Saturday . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , did we get Dave and Chris' second request done ? If not maybe John could work on it . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please set up a meeting with the following people: Shelley Corman Rick Dietz Elizabeth Brown Terry Kowalke Lynn Blair Timing: This week - One hour - Make it towards the end of the week Topic - Status of the reports on the FERC requirements on the California Marketing reports on Transwestern's pipe . Thanks . Lynn
Donna , in talking with Larry Stuard , he can give us a demonstration on the new blackberry devices if Jean does not have time . Just thought I would throw that out there if there is an interest . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , attached is the first draft for the plan to talk with the reps for all three pipes on Wednesday . This will be a two phase approach . We ( Sheila , Fran and I ) will talk with the teams on Wednesday reviewing a high level plan . Then we will put the teams into groups to talk about 5 topics we picked from the NNG meeting . Then we will follow up with Donna to develop a training plan . Fran and I are meeting again tomorrow ( Tuesday ) at 3:30 if you want to join us or have comments . Thanks . Lynn
Joe , I believe you were on comp day for commodity close . Was there something you had planned and not able to be here for close ? Since you are becoming very critical to accuracy of invoices sent out with your added duties , I was concerned that you were not hear ? Thanks . Lynn
Jean , I believe you were out of the office on commodity close . Who was reviewing the stack of reports on your desk ? Did we properly have the bases covered with you out ? Just trying to be sure we have the right coverage for accounting closes . Thanks . Lynn
Debra , I understand you were covering for Jean Adams while she was on vacation . Did we have the proper coverage to get CMS allocated volumes in GVA reviewed as we needed . Just wanted to follow up . I would be glad to visit with you about this if we need . Thanks . Lynn
Karen and Shirley , great update message . Thanks for being proactive and putting this out for us . Lynn
Jean , thanks for the note . Please give me a call and let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Steve and Shelley , I thought you both would be interested in seeing the attached . This document came out of the meeting yesterday on Bushton . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Just to let you know what Border sent out . Thanks . Lynn
I want to thank all of you for your efforts yesterday to help our customers get their business taken care of on the Enron pipes . It looks like we will be in the same mode of operation at least through this morning . Please make every effort to contact your customers and let them know they can get into Hottap through URL: If they are having problems accessing Hottap , give them the pertinent information they need to do their "next cycle" business ( ie . schedule quantity info) . Let's be proactive and help the customers through this frustrating time . I also appreicate everyone staying around until 6:00 last night . It is good to work with a group that is willing to help out where possible . Also , Toby thanks for your "hours" of work on sending out the emails to our customers to let them know what our plans were . Thanks . Lynn
Rick , no problem , I think it would be good to have at least one of them there . Thanks . Lynn
Toby , here is the next file to post . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Just to keep you in the loop . John can let us know what is going on . Thanks . Lynn
I have a conference call with Delaine at 3:15 today on Strangers Gas . She is to give me Mike Belcher's phone number . He is the person coordinating all the condensate issues . If we send a letter I would send it to Terry Spencer and reference Mike Belcher . If you need more , let me know . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , let's work on how we cancel things . Thanks . Lynn
Audrey , put me on the list . I plan on attending . Thanks for the invite . Lynn
Please post the attached notice . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , I would like for you to attend as well . Thanks . Lynn
Debra , thanks for your reply . Are you comfortable now that you can perform this function instead of Raetta if Jean is gone ? Does Jean need to have more specific instructions to cover Transok that specifies the timing for putting the allocations in the system ? Thanks . Lynn
Tim and Mike , would it be appropriate to have Mike call Bill and get specifics from him ? Then we can do a conference call to explain the cuts ? Just a suggestion . Thanks . Lynn
Don , this is great . This report was a big hurdle for us . I will check with the team on how it is working . Thanks for all your support as we go forward in our Business Objects training . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . To keep you guys in the loop . As we get additional info , I will pass it on . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Just to keep you guys in the loop . Thanks . Lynn
Jean , Glen is still working on my computer . He should have it done today . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , go ahead and take off as long as you have all your move ready to go . Be sure to have someone covering your desk . Thanks . Lynn
Audrey , its on my calendar . I am looking forward to the event . Thanks . Lynn
Britt , looks good to me . Thanks . Lynn
Britt , to answer #5 , Kim Hardman and/or Delaine Kurth may be added to the cc on the letter . The reason I mention Delaine is Jerry Knight ( who works for Delaine ) is the person that has been calling Robert Benningfield asking for the status of the 12 - 16 adjustment . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ranelle , John and Michelle , thought I would send this statement to you and see if this helps simplify our answer to your question . The question is: How is MDQ used in the nomination system to ensure we do not double up on MDQ volumes when we have split paths ( i.e . nom on same contract from ( 1 ) Mid 15 to Bushton Inlet and from ( 2 ) Bushton Outlet to Demac ) For Nominating purposes: MDQ of contract = Primary Firm + Alternate Firm up to the MDQ . Anything over the MDQ will be Overrun and charged at the IT rate . Point MDQ needs to be considered when allocating a receipt point . EXAMPLE: If the Field MDQ is 10,000 , then we will ( 1 ) total the reciepts nominated on the contract; ( 2 ) compare the total nominated to the Contract MDQ . Then the shipper will get firm ( primary and alternate ) up to their contract MDQ . Anything over will be overrun at IT rate . If anyone has any other questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Is the volume at the inlet and outlet of Bushton factored into any MDQ total ? Gerry if you are not the person to help us on this , please let me know who . Also in talking with Mary Darveaux she said if you use the same contract at the inlet and outlet of Bushton , you DO double your MDQ . Therefore , if you have 10,000 MDQ you can only nominate 5,000 to inlet and 5,000 at outlet . Gerry , can we run a quick report to see if there are any contracts that are identical on the inlet and outlet of Bushton ? If she is right , then we have NOT had anyone nominate on the same contract . If I have confused you , let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Richard , can you check this out for me . Did the team drop the ball on this one ? Thanks . Lynn
We need to discuss ASAP this morning . Legale , would you be available at 8:30 ? We can meet in my office . Gerry , sounds like Legale is who we were looking for . You are welcome to set in , but not necessary . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Are you guys up to speed on this ? Thanks . Lynn
Robert , is there to be a written resolution plan as you come to agreement ? Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , things were quite on NNG and TW overall for the weekend . For all three pipes the reps had to go through RAZ to get into TMS on Saturday morning . Although , the customers were able to get in OK , but the system was slow . System was fixed by 11:30 a.m . Saturday morning . On TW - For Gallop Darrell has sent you an update . Overall for TW the prices for the east are not covering variables to go west , therefore most of the gas is staying in the east market . Thanks . Lynn
Bob , can you resend this to me . I cannot open the file . Thanks . Lynn
John , Ava is gone until tomorrow afternoon . See if Sharon or Alma can help out . Thanks . Lynn
Vernon , October 4th works for me . John I think you are gone , so we need to involve Terry in this . I am very open Thursday or Friday for a pre meeting . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please code them as personal time with pay . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I was working 1 - 15th . Thanks . Lynn
Team , I realize this rate change is done in Marketing . But , you have a responsibility to review the invoice to ensure that the adjustment to the price has been made if there is alternate deliveries . Let's be proactive to ensure we have accurate billing . If you have any questions , please let me know .
Raetta and Robert , let's talk about some kind of closure on these resolutions . Can we talk tomorrow at 1:30 in my office ? Thanks . Lynn
It's on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please update my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Due to all the moves this week , we are canceling the staff meeting this afternoon . We will have a regular meeting next week . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta can not meeting today . How about Thursday at 1:30 . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Tim , I would like for us to discuss this issue . Normally we do not "settle" on these type of issues . I want to be consistent with how we have treated other shippers when we have found errors in the system . Doesn't mean we can't do a settlement , we just don't want it to back fire on us . Ava , please set up some time on Thursday for Tim , Mike , Bob , Sue and I to visit . Thanks . Lynn
Gina , let's do lunch and I'll answer all your questions . Are you available Wed . or Thursday ? Thanks . Lynn
Randy , thanks for the update . Please keep us posted . If I need to make a phone call , let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Coffee on Thursday sounds great . Just give me a call . Have a great day with your Mom . Thanks . Lynn
Britt , I scheduled a meeting per Drew's request with my team that deals with the Bushton area . Drew is going to review with them how we need to be careful about using the term "PTR calculation" for measurement error adjustments . We thought it would be good for you to attend as well . I want the team to understand how important it is that they are communicating accurately when talking about Bushton issues . Hopefully you can attend . Although I think the meeting may be scheduled to 10:00 a.m . instead of 9:30 . Hopefully that works for you . Thanks . Lynn
John , we look into this for another party at one time ? Do you recall what all would be necessary to accomodate this request ? Thanks . Lynn
Ava has willingly taken on this task . So she will be the point person going forward . Thanks . Lynn
Good job in getting this done . How are we coming with the other operators ? With us moving forward for Shirley to work from home , emails will be much better than faxes . Thanks . Lynn
Gary , thank you for your help . I guess Ricki was having quite a time . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Gerry , do you have some time tomorrow , Thursday , that you , Terry , John and I can set down and review what you have a put a "blurb" together to send to the customers . I am open 10:00 to 11:00 or anytime after 2:00 . Thanks . Lynn
John , I talked with Donna and got back with Bob Burleson . Let's see what his answer is and then I may have you and Donna work on this one . Thanks . Lynn
Nancy , good job . Keep up the good work . See if you can get the rest of your team to follow suit with their interconnects . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . John I think you are gone . But Terry , thought you might be interested . I am planning on attending . Thanks . Lynn
Since Robert is working evenings , who has the lead to get the daily Oneok reports out ? Thanks . Lynn
terry , I am not sure understand the discrepancies on numbers in teh #4 file . Let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Looks good to me . Are we going to put this letter in the reservation invoice packet ? Also , would we want to post the letter anywhere on the web ? Just a thought ? Thanks . Lynn
Scott , I appreicate your feedback and closure on these items . It helps us to build that confidence that the systems are working correctly instead of being left in "limbo" and coming up with your own conclusions . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , this is what prompted my questions about finalizing resolution . Thanks Lynn
FYI Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Attached is our first pass at some questions and answers to post to the WEB based on discussions at the NNG Winter Ops Meeting . Please review and let me know if you feel there needs to be more "in depth" answers to these questions . Or are there additional questions that you feel need to be added .
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , FYI . Has Alma been working with you on this ? Thanks . Lynn
Virgil , I wanted to say "Thank You" for your time and effort given to our new employees as they toured your facilities in Vidor on Tuesday , September 25 . I know it was the first time most of them had been to a compressor station and they found it very interesting . This was one step in our efforts to help them match the Physical world ( Operations ) with the Paper world ( Nominations , invoices , etc) . Please pass on my "Thanks" to the others that contributed to this educational process . Lynn Blair
John and Terry , where are we on this budget . I want to be sure there are not issues coming up while John is on vacation ! !! ! Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . Drew , Britt and I are meeting with the So . Central Team on Monday , October 1 , at 10:00 a.m . for 30 minutes . It is not the best time for everyone , but it was the best way to get the most people and get the meeting ASAP . We will leave a person on the team to cover phones , plus the North end team is going to help watch the phone for that 30 minutes . Thanks . Lynn
Sharon , are they going to move the frig to 42 ? Thanks . Lynn
Sounds good to me . It leaves us some flexibility . Thanks . Lynn
Brad , just some comments . At the end do we want to say Customer Services Rep instead of Market Service Rep . and should we put the Hottap help desk phone number in that particular Hottap help desk bullitt . Just a thought . Otherwise looks great . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thought you would be interested since most of you have worked with Robert over the years with the NBPL interconnects . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Attached is an updated list of questions after everyone's input . I would like to discuss the changes with you after Shelley's staff meeting . Appreciate everyone's input . Thanks . Lynn
Richard , are you Elizabeth's back up on this ? I want to be sure all the reps have reviewed the capacity release info . Please work with Terry to be sure we have covered all the bases . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thought you would like to see this . Thanks . Lynn
Vernon , looks good to me with Steve Kirk's small fix on last paragraph . Thanks . Lynn
Larry and Raetta , do we need to communicate this to the teams ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Robert , was there a problem getting the weekend notes out last night ? Shelley pulls the recap for each pipe by 7:30 a.m . for Stan's staff meeting on Mondays . I just need to make sure everyone understands the urgency ( especially on Mondays ) to have the updates sent Sunday night . Thanks . Lynn
Sounds like a plan to me . Thanks . Lynn
Thought you guys would be interested in Phil's comments . Steve , I think you need to be in this meeting . Anyone else want to attend ? Thanks . Lynn
Mike , FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
John , FYI . I didn't know if you would be able to make this meeting . Terry is coming until 2:30 then he will attend Steve Harris' meeting . If you need to stay on the floor , that is no problem . I will update you . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , thanks for the keys . I appreciate you staying on top of this . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , this is the letter from Winston that you were looking for . Thanks . Lynn
Kim , I would like to buy one of the cards . Please let me know what Ineed to do to purchase one . Thanks . Lynn
Attached is a draft of a letter we are sending to our customers as discussed at the Winter Ops Meeting in September . Also , we have attached a "Frequently Asked Questions" ( FAQ ) document that will go out with the letter and will be posted to the WEB . We will monitor the WEB site and update the questions periodically . Please review the letter and FAQ and let me know of any changes or comments by tomorrow evening , Tuesday , 5:00 p.m . Our goal is to get these documents to the customers by Wednesday , October 3rd . We appreciate your input in this process . Do not hesitate to call if you have questions . ( Ext . 3-7637 ) Thanks . Lynn
Kathy , just wanted to be sure we had the coverage on the team for October while you are testing ? Do we need to address any concerns ? Thanks . Lynn
Steve , I am going to let you answer this one . Thanks . Lynn
Carolyn , I have received my new card and destroyed my old card . Thanks . Lynn Blair
Ava , FYI . Sounds like I may be able to stay at the Sheraton on Monday . Can you check this out . Thanks . Lynn
Todd , thank you for the info . I wanted to pass on to you that Sheila Nacey is not going to be able to attend . Could you please replace her name on the Sunday activity with Theresa Hess . Thanks . Again , I look forward to seeing everyon on the 21 . Lynn
Terry , can you send Ranelle July . Ranelle , Terry is working on October and should have that ready tomorrow . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Teams , it is very important that you attend these meetings before you work the weekend . This will give us an opportunity to ensure everyone has the same understanding of EDI procedures . Mary and Jim , please keep a signed list of who attends training so we can add this to our Training list for 2001 . Thanks . Lynn
Richard , can you check with marketing to see if they have put the right rate in the system and then coordinate with Bert when he gets back tomorrow . Thanks for your help . Lynn
On September 24 , 2001 , Alice gave each of you a list of your outstanding accounts receivable back to January , 1998 . In meeting with Alice today , I understand , we have NOT cleaned up very many of these issues . Alice will be getting with each one of you AGAIN to review your accounts . My expectation is that there has been some clean up activity before Performance Reviews at which time I will ask Alice for an update . Alice , Raetta and Larry are all available as needed to help you in this effort . All clean up should be completed by December 31 , 2001 .
Tracy , keep up the good work . We appreciate you staying on top of Burlington's business . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I am assuming we are sending flowers ? You may want to check with Sherry to see if we want to wait until Kathy gets home or send to hospital . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please get Jo and I some dates for giving the Marketers a "Brown Bag" training session on Nomination , Confirmation and Scheduling process . I would like to use the video Room on 42 in Houston and 6th floor in Omaha . I would like to look at the week of October 15th . The session could be a brown bag from 11:30 to 1:00 . John Buchanan and I can give the presentation since Terry will be out that week . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please update my calendar with the room number changes . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Donna , attached is a first pass draft of a letter for Shelley to send out to the teams about her up coming staff meeting . I would appreciate your input . You are much better at this than I am . I tend to be to blunt sometimes . Let me know your thoughts . Thanks . Lynn
Robert , we have decided to send Donna Scott and a person out of Brad's group to attend this training . Then they will come back and do the training with each of us . This will help minimize costs and yet give us the opportunity for everyone to benefit from the information . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , please plan on attending next Wednesday's meeting for the demonstration on the handheld devices . Thanks . Lynn
I would like to recap my understanding and the "To Do's" from the meeting yesterday . 1 . After November 1 , Measurement would NO longer adjust any TBS physical volumes unless there was a PPA directly influencing said TBS . 2 . Measurement would check to see if they had a deduct meter they were using in the end user process . ( Since the meeting we have discovered that the deduct meter IS in GVA , therefore no checking needs to be done) . 3 . Gas Logistics would check with IT on possible enhancement ( if necessary ) for negative volumes to the TBS . ( We have talked with IT and this would be a major enhancement and have to be done with the new system) . 4 . Procedures need to be documented to handle negative numbers created by the LDC giving measurement an end user actual volume greater than the TBS connected to NNG . 5 . Measurement and Gas Logistics agreed that all measured volumes including End User point volumes would be "housed' in PGAS . After further discussions in Gas Logistics , our recommendation is that neither Measurement or Gas Logistics accomodate a negative number . If the LDC gives measurement an end user volume greater than the TBS the following should happen: 1 . Measurement should either: a . Call the LDC and let them know they cannot accept a volume at an end user point higher than their TBS . b . Or Measurement can call Jodie Floyd on the Gas Logistics Measurement Desk and Jodie will call LDC with the same info . 2 . If Measurement does not get an answer before measurement close , then measurement will use the number equal to the TBS for the end user point . Gary and Ellis , you may want to have more discussions on this topic . I would be glad to regroup if you want . I have put a call into Marketing to talk to them about our concerns on this issue . Also Raetta and Jodie are going to go ahead and call Wisconsin Gas and get their explanation of why an end user point would be greater than the TBS . Hopefully it is just a measurement error . We will let you know the outcome . If there is something I missed , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Joni , we will see if there is enough interest in doing a make-up session , we will certainly be glad to . Thanks . Lynn
Deb , yes I need to know who is attending and how many . I will ensure we get you the handouts for Omaha ahead of time . I will also send them to Minneapolis if there are any Marketers attending there as well . Thanks for your help . Lynn
Ava , schedule time for you , Terry and I to meet next week and talk about the training and get the handouts ready . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please update my email lists . Thanks . Lynn
We have reviewed the assignments Jean sent out earlier in the week . At this time I think the split is OK . I would like for you to put in writing for me the following: Who is your back up on critical reports , etc when you are out . I would like for that back up to be someone that was NOT on your original team . This may help us address the issue of the two "old" teams merging . For example I am assuming if one rep has the shipper business and another rep has the operator business for the same company , then those two reps should back each other's desk . Randy Janzen is backing up Jean Adams desk on Lamar Power Plant since he has AEP which is shipper that does business at the Lamar Plant . Scott and Kathy support each other's desk since Kathy has ElPaso as a Shipper and Scott has ElPaso as Operator . Harry and Joe support each other on Oneok since Harry has Bushton and Joe has the gathering The areas of concern in relation to day to day business are below and need specific back up reps . GPM Monthly Pricing Report Lamar Power Plant True Ups PVR Report Oneok Gathering Reporting NNG Administrative Contracts SPS Power Plant True Up Conoco Power Plant True Up MOPS Daily Report The HIgh profile shippers/Operators that need specific back ups are as follows: Reliant West Texas Gas If there is any confusion with the email , please do not hesitate to call Terry or myself . Thanks . Lynn
Randy , did we have problems this weekend ? Thanks . Lynn
Maggie , Terry and Hasan , I would like to meet with you and Sheila to review both reports before we turn anything off . How about 1:00 Tuesday , October 9th in my office or Sheila's office ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , on NNG and TW , things were quiet . The SoCal/West of Thoreau spreadsheet is on your desk . Thanks . Lynn
Sheila , FYI . I guess she did get a ticket for $153 . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I was in the office for October 1 - 15th . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , Maggie and Sheila , if you get comfortable with the direction these emails are going , then we do NOT need to meet . Let me know if you feel like we need to group together to finalize this issue and be sure we are on the same page . Otherwise , I would ask that Maggie or Hasan do a final results email and let us know what the outcome is . Thanks for everyone's help on getting this issue behind us . Lynn
Shelley , here are the four PAA's for the people who tested the flowing gas . This does not include Larry or Legale . Brad , Rick and I are discussing how to handle these two . The attached PAA's are for Kathy Sturr , Diana Porter , Renee Perry and Jean Adams . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
The attached was sent to all the attendees at the NNG Winter Ops Meeting . Thought you might be interested in reviewing the summary . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn ( Ext . 3-7637 )
Lisa , I will not be able to walk , but put me down for $25.00 for you . Thanks . Lynn
Thought I would send this to you to approve . Thanks . Lynn
Todd , I'll be glad to lead the discussion . Is this informal or do I have to have a formal presentation ? Thanks . Lynn
Large . Thanks . Lynn
Todd , sounds good to me . Iike that better than a formal presentation . Thanks . Lynn
Alma , please include Terry Kowalke and Darrell Schoolcraft . Thanks . Lynn
Jennifer , how long has this been a problem ? Is there a concern we have caused customers problems in nominating due to bad information ? Thanks . Lynn
Thanks Gerry . I did not pick up on that . Lynn
Richard , did this get properly taken care of ? Thanks . Lynn
Todd , that will be perfect . I think we will have a very good discussion . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , we have established Monday afternoon after Steve Harris' staff meeting to meet and discuss: 1 . TW Shipper Imbalance Status We will stay in the conference room on 13 . Just wanted to let you know this is replacing our Tuesday morning meeting which was not working well since everyone moved . Thanks . Lynn
Todd , I am planning on attending . Thanks . Lynn Blair
Tracy , thanks for staying on top of this . It is my understanding the $6500 is for old Shipper imbalances and cleans up all of Dynegy . Thanks Lynn
Ricki , the imbalance meeting will be at 3:30 on Mondays in 1336 . Thanks . Lynn
Yes , I am available . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , I am available to meet through lunch . Thanks . Lynn
Sheila , I have you on my calendar for 9:00 Friday . Thanks . Lynn
Penny and Michelle , I met with Larry Berger , Terry Kowalke and Raetta Zadow this morning to review yesterday's meeting on the concerns for DDVC's at "small customer delivery points" on the southend of NNG's system . Through our discussions , here are a few ideas including some of yesterday's discussion . These ideas may be somewhat out of the norm , but we thought we would at least throw them on the table . 1 . If Oneok cannot supply these deliveries , then Oneok should agree with us to lift the requirement that the supply has to be upstream of the delivery in the Bushton Universe . It can still be required in the "Bushton Universe" , just not as restrictive as it is today . 2 . If Oneok cannot supply these deliveries , then Oneok should allow us to do storage true ups at 8:00 a.m . at the end of the gas day to eliminate DDVC . 3 . If these deliveries are on Firm contracts , can we sell them SMS to cover these small volumes even though they are in the field area ? 4 . Richfield Storage point - ( I am not sure it is even active ) - Could we get Oneok to agree to allow true ups if we are supplying the true up with gas coming from the Richfield storage point ? I am sure this alternative would need to include the storage group . We would be glad to participate in any future discussions . Thanks . Lynn
We rely on the information from the Process Responsibility meeting to post weekend coverage to the WEB . The coverage is posted by Tuesday morning on the WEB , which is a commitment we have made to our customers . Please ensure you do NOT change any coverage after the Process meeting . You should have the right information going into Monday's meeting . It does not look good to continually repost this information . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , did you get my message about possibly going to LA ? Looks like I am going unless cost is ridiculous . Attached is the hotel I would stay in for Wed . night and possibly Thursday night , depending on what you find out with flights . Let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Terry and John , is there a master list that we all use for the phoneburst we send out ? If so , who keeps it updated ? Thanks . Lynn
Michelle said the Third Party Storage Tariff sheet is #304 . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , the other question Michelle had , "Does NNG Contracts have a written procedure for approval of this type of contract ? Please check with Linda Trevino . We are to meet with Michelle at 10:30 Friday morning . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , do you keep track of the Phoneburst list ? Let's discuss in the morning . Thanks . Lynn
Terry and Richard , let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , have you been keeping track of the people responding to the invitation ? Thanks . Lynn
I think there intent was to be very general . You have the right sheet . Thanks . Lynn
Jodie , when you have time let's discuss . Overall I am OK with plan , but had a question about who was monitoring imbalances . Sounds like Marketing is instead of Gas Logistics ? Thanks . Lynn
So is there nothing for us to do ? Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . Thought you might want for Monday's staff meeting Donna , you may want to incorporate some of this in the weekly bullets . Thanks . Lynn
Richard , I'll bring you both checks tonight when I get home . Thanks for the reminder . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please schedule a meeting with all of the above people . Thanks . Lynn
Courtney , Randy Janzen is out of the office until Tuesday . Can we have him do this on Tuesday or do I need to have someone else run the spreadsheet ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Mary and Steve , here is a high level recap of the presentation I am giving Marketing on Tuesday . I would appreciate any thoughts or concerns you may have . Maybe we can discuss at the 1:30 meeting Monday . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , wanted to pass this on to you . Mike and I just talked about this and we are going to work with Richard and Reyna to be sure this cannot happen in the future . ( One of those surprises we were talking about earlier today) . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , fyi for scheduling this meeting . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Just to keep you both in thel oop on some Oneok issues . Thanks . Lynn
Larry and Raetta , please work with Randy to ensure we get the anaylsis done and that we are all comfortable with the results . Thanks . Lynn
Ava and Deb , can you print colored copies of this chart for the Tuesday meeting ? I wanted to go ahead and send this since it may take you awhile to print . The rest of the presentation will be coming on Monday . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , we need to meet first thing Monday to see where you are on the Agenda for Tuesday's meeting plus I need this presentation in power point Mondy morning as well . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please coordinate with Alma a time Rick , Larry and I can talk about the flowing gas documents no accessible to customers . Thanks . Lynn
On NNG and TW we had a quiet weekend . Sunday's Gas Day - Drafted 60,000 mmcf/d Monday - No draft Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , one more comment: Pinnacle Terry is the only point shutin due to the ElPaso nitrogen issue . John , Penny and Darrell are monitoring the situation . John and Penny are working with legal and regulatory on a letter to be posted to the WEB . Thanks . Lynn
Steve , there are no changes from last heating season . We are just trying to refresh everyone's memor as to the current procedures . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Jo , At Pinnacle Terry there is only one shipper - Tristar Gas Marketing for 800 dth At Elpaso Keystone as of today Reliant is the only shipper for 14,000 dth . Is that the info you are looking for ? Thanks . Lynn
[Blair , Lynn] FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Steve and Mary , here is our first pass at information on the branchline curtailment for the marketing meeting tomorrow . We can use this for our discussion at 1:30 . Mary , we will call your office at 1:30 . Thanks . Lynn
Sorry , here is the attachment . Ignore previous email . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please add the following as the second bullet OFO/PRIMARY FIRM REQUIREMENTS Can NNG call shippers back to primary firm receipt points ?
Steve and Mary , here is a seperate Agenda item for us to discuss at 1:30 . Thanks . Lynn OFO/PRIMARY FIRM REQUIREMENTS Can NNG call shippers back to primary firm receipt points ? Answer: Carlton is the only authorized OFO point NNG has on their system which we have done with the 250 at Carlton We do not have this authority at all other points
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , are you going to wait for input before sending this to Michelle ? Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , did you ever get a response on this ? Thanks . Lynn
Have you heard any rumbles about Sheila's note ? Please let her know if you have . Thanks . Lynn
Jean , I would like to order the BlackBerry . My ID No . is 10028029 . Thanks . Lynn
test
Hope this gets to you . Look forward to seeing you this evening . Lynn
Well , I wonder if you got my first message ? Here is the second one as you requested . Hope your day is going well . See ya tonight . Lynn
I am fine with your explanation as well . Is anyone complaining about only one person being able to view the info ? Thanks . Lynn
Bob , I will be out of the office on Monday , Oct . 22nd. , but Donna and John can work with Williams and the team to meet on MOPS scheduling . I would like for you to meet with Donna and John before the 22nd to be sure we are comfortable with what information to pass back and forth . John , would you take the lead working with Donna and Bob to cover the meeting on Monday . Thanks . Lynn
Hey , I got your message and you can flirt with me any time . Lynn
Tom , we would be glad to do a timeline review . I will be out of town until next Wednesday . John , would you please give Tom a call and work with Ava to set up a time for us to review . Tom , did a "brown bag" session work for you guys from 11:30 to 1:00 ? If so , we can go that route again . Thanks . Lynn
Sounds like we are getting quite a bit more feed back . We better re-group first thing in the morning . Is everyone available at 8:30 ? Thanks . Lynn
I think it would be very prudent to put something on the WEB . We talked about this at the Winter Ops meeting and it would be good to have another reminder . John , would you work with Michelle and Bill to get a posting on the WEB since I will be out of town . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta and Larry , is there anything special we can do now to make January's re-bill easier ? Thanks . Lynn
Test - Looking forward to seeing you tonight . Lynn
Here is your second email . See ya tonight! ! Lynn
Donna , here is one we did for Raetta . Thanks . Lynn
Here are two we did for Harry and Tangie . Thanks . Lynn
How difficult would it be to add the volume to the summary report we do today ? Sheila and I met with Shelley and reviewed our process . She felt very good about the process but would like to see the volumes impacted by the adjustments not just dollars . We can discuss when I get back next week . Thanks . Lynn
Ava ran me a list of the people on the phone broadcast . Sheila , your name is on the list . Are you getting phone messages ? She also cleaned up some old names on the list and added the new people . Who do you guys think would be the best person to have responsibility for updates on this list ? Should we make it Ava and Alma with them backing each other up ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Here is a first pass at the customer letter . Probably needs some work on more detail . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , please put me on the list . Lynn
Yes , I am playing . Would you have John send me a message ? Thanks . Lynn This is fun!!! !
John , thanks for the update . Lynn
Jan , sorry for the inconvenience We in the process of making A change . We will keep you Posted . Thanks . Lynn
Just cchecking out my new Toy Have a great day!!! ! Lynn
John please get with vernon and greg and see what we can do . Thanks Lynn
Thursdaay works better for me I would be glad to partcipat Any time thursday Thanks Lynn
I agree . Thanks , Lynn
This is the neatest toy I have Had . Much better than carrying a laptop . Thanks for yours and donna efforts to get this before I left . Lynn
Fyi . Lynn
Fyi . Lynn
Fyi . Lynn
I would love to attend but I am out of town . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , I just found out this message did not go . I am trying again . Thanks Lynn
Ava please print attachment and give to steve to bring to omaha for me . Thanks . Lynn
Sheila please talk to avashe had your name on the list she pulled so I am confused . Thanks lynn
Jane what about this Tqhursday for lunch ? Are you available ? Thanks lynn
Ava please print and give to steve to briing to omaha . Thanks Lynn
Yes I am Coming twice . I'llsee you thursday Oct 25 . Lynn
John here is a note from Jane about some things Marketiing wants to talk about at our mtg . Thanks Lynn
Gary , I would be glad to do A prensentation for your group . I am out of town until Fri . I'llcall you to set up a time . Thanks Lynn
John , if the meeting is Monday I have jury duty . What did you and Ava decide to do ? I'll call you in the morning . Thanks Lynn
John this message concens me . Did you talk to Ava this Morninv ? I'll call you in the morning . Lynn
Ava , do we need to worry about this ? Thanks Lynn
John , can you give Konni a call . Thanks Lynn
Terry , Christine is fine with m . Let"s discuss in the morning . Thanks , Lynn
Fyi . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , Regular time for me . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , that is fine . Just have some one backing you up and put a note to all the teams . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , did any one ever answer Reyna ? Thanks . Lynn
Ava , do we need to respond to this ? Thanks . Lynn
Gary , would one of the following dates and times work for you and your group ? November 1 - in the afternoon November 13 - in the morning November 14 - in the afternoon Please give me a call and let me know if any of these work . I am assuming you planning on 1 hour ? Is that right ? Thanks . Lynn
Randy , do we still need to meet ? If so work with Ava on a time and date . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . For meeting at 3:00 . Thanks . Lynn
I am on jury duty Oct . 29th . Please be sure you are working with Ava to check my calendar before scheduling a meeting . Thanks . Lynn
Terry , would you please check with all the teams to day to ensure they have talked with their customers about the scheduled quantities reports . Thanks . Lynn
Karen , no problem . I just want to be sure we are all learning and it sounds like you had some challenges which gave you some added training . Hang in there . The 8:00 a.m . Final does get easier as you do the process over and over . Thanks for the update . Lynn
FYI . Lynn
Nov 14 workS for me . Ava please put on my calendar . Gary I will call you when I get back in the office . Thanks Lynn
Ava , LA was Socal mtg . San Fran was Interconnect mtg Omaha was mtg on Bushton and SLA mtg, . Thanks Lynn
I have jury duty but John or Terry can attend for me . Thanks Lynn
John please send this to Shelly Thanks Lynn
FYI . Wasn't sure if you saw this ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Lynn
Michelle , it was so good to hear from you . I definitely want to stay in touch . Next time you are in Houston , please let me know and we'll get together . I am glad you are surviving your new earrings . They are a lot of fun once you adjust to them . Those dangling pieces can be tricky!! . Take care and look forward to seeing you in the future . Lynn
Penny , if you have to do the 8th , John Buchanan will participate for me . Thanks . Lynn
I received a call from Laura LaPera with PG&E scheduling . She and two other schedulers will be in our office Wednesday moring , November 7th from 8:00 a.m . to 9:00 a.m . to meet all of you . Ava , would you please put a map together showing PG&E how to get from the Galleria area to the Enron Building . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Robert , attached is the PAA form you can fill out and send to me to submit . Thanks . Lynn
The meeting is 1:00 in 4254 ( my office ) on Thursday , Nov . 1 . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Terry is working with Elizabeth and Ramona to pull together the information required . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , would you please print this presentation in color for me . Thanks . Lynn
Jodie and Raetta , I am giving a presentation to Measurement to review Gas Logistic's functions and interactions with other departments . I would like for both of you to attend this meeting if possible . The meeting will be November 14 , 2001 at 1:00 p.m . Gary , I am assuming you are getting a room in the Three Allen Center ? Please let me know if you would like to get a room in the Enron Building . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , what about Florida ? Thanks . Lynn
Good point . Thanks . Should we tell HR that so they are straight on what each company is doing ? Just a thougt . Thanks . Lynn
Could we possibly make it at 2:00 on Tuesday ? That would work better for me . Thanks . Lynn
Yes , we will reschedule Team Leader Meeting . Thanks . Lynn
Sue , I think it would be very good to invite the people below . We may want to talk about a modified version in the future for the rest of the teams . The only other person we might invite is Mike Bodnar just because I have him as the point person with Chris on the third party storage . If possible I definitely want to attend . Thanks . Lynn
Wanted to pass on the presentation SoCal gave at the Nov . 18th meeting in Los Angeles . If you have any questions , I would be glad to visit with you about the contents . Thanks . Lynn
Richard , sounds like good customer relations to me . Appreciate your help on tlhis issue . Lynn
Steve , FYI . Thought you would like to attend . Thanks . Lynn
Pilar , count me in . This meeting is on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , just wanted to recap a couple of things going on . If something comes up tomorrow , please don't hesitate to page me . We can visit Monday about finalizing the presentations on the TW Customer meeting . Thanks . Lynn 1 . Documentation of Plainview allocations procedures - Mike Bodnar is building based on the existing requirements 2 . Bushton upstream supply issue - Terry and John are working with Penny McCarren to ensure all departments ( Marketing , Legal , Regulatory , Gas Logistics ) have the same procedural understanding 3 . TW Customer Meeting - Met with Ava today and everything is in order except for you and I deciding who is presenting which topics . 4 . Enduser Measurement issue and MidAm measurement issue - Jodie Floyd Jodie , Mary Darveaux and Frank Semin are putting together recommendation . Steve and I are working with Jodie . 5 . Third Party storage procedures and implementation on Transok - Mike Bodnar/Chris Greaney are working with Theresa , Reyna and Transok . Purchase for three days ( Nov . 2 , 3 , 4 ) for a total of 50,000 mmbtu . 6 . EDI Confirmations with the ElPaso Pipes - Mary Draemer 7 . Aberdeen allocations - Steve and I have been working with Jo Williams and North team 8 . LSP overrun issues - Mike Bodnar/Kent Miller/Tim Johanson 9 . TW possible tariff filing on imbalances in relation to constraint areas - Lindy Donohoe/Terry/Teb 10 . SLA Settlement - Steve and I working with Steve Kirk and Mike McGowan 11 . Beaver Assets Sale - Steve and I working with Mike Stage and group 12 . Strangers Gas Review - I am working with Mary Darveaux 13 . Demarc Presentation to Virginia Power - I am working with Vernon Mercaldo ( 11/6/01 ) 14 . Presentation to Measurement group on Gas Logistics function - 11/14/01 I am presenting 15 . Issue with Solution Center on common drives - Terry Kowalke
I will be out of the office tomorrow , Friday , November 2 . Remember John and Terry are both out as well . For any scheduling issues please contact Mike Bodnar or Steve January . Larry and Raetta will be available also . If needed , I can be reached by my pager ( 800-504-6138 ) I will be on call this weekend . Don't hesitate to call if you need something . Have a great day , and I will see ya'll on Monday . Thanks . Lynn
Guys , very good notes for the weekend . Appreciate the comments . It helps alot when preparing Shelley for the Monday morning ( Stan ) meeting . Thanks . Lynn
On TW , TW allocated SoCal on the ID2 cycle for Sunday's gas day , due to SoCal non performance . We cut about 27,000 mmbtu . The Sequel 2000 conversion on the reports went well . Brad's team was here to help Sunday morning and I believe that made things go smoother . There were a few isolated situations which were turned around quickly . Otherwise it was quiet on the pipes . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Please plan on attending this meeting for me . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I am on vacation those days , so it would probably be OK . But before we decide , let me know who would be here to cover for you during that time . Thanks . Lynn
Jean , I think we got them figured out ? I do have a questions you proabably can answer real quick Thanks for the help . Give me a call when you have time on Monday ( today) . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Pilar , I have another meeting at this time , so I will not be able to attend . Thanks . Lynn
Richard , what is our next step ? Thanks . Lynn
Terry , are you aware of this ? Thanks . Lynn
Steve and Audrey , here is the information on the Customer Meeting . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Lynn
Martha , I would rather give the teams access to the Dashboard . John Buchanan will be back in the office Wednesday . You can coordinate with him and Terry Kowalke to get everyone set up . Thanks . Lynn
I do not think it is necessary to have another letter to Oneok from Harry . Hopefully they get the message with this letter . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Debbie , here are the two slides for my presentation . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , after talking with Ramona , we need to change Slide 6 to say: Invoice and Measurement statemenst added to website Imbalance statements will not be added until next year . I will talk about this in my presentation . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , do you still want the report Terry is doing each Monday for the TW SOCAL and West of Throeau numbers . We started this report after switching to allocations before confirmations so we could track any possible "holes" in the pipe . So far the new process is working well and we were thinking about discontinuing this report unless you need it for Stan's meeting ? Remember we give you the Socal Window and scheduled volumes as well as the west of thoreau scheduled volumes on the weekend notes . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Alicia , thank you very much for the invite , but I will not be able to make it . I know it will be fun time for everyone . Thanks . Lynn
Joanne , thank you very much for the invitation , but I will not be able to attend . I know everyone will have a good time . Thanks . Lynn
Just a reminder . Also , Ava , please help watch my phone during this time frame . Thanks . Lynn
Brad , I do not see any overlap . Looks good to me . Thanks . Lynn
Just to clarify Britt's comments . Harry is using NNG's numbers for total imbalance . To split the imbalance among the third party shippers , we will continue to use Oneok's allocation of actual volumes . The variance between Oneok and NNG will go to the Oneok imbalance to tie to NNG's ultra sonic measurement . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , I would appreciate any comments or feedback on the attached . I am trying to formulate my thoughts to be positive and get our message across . Donna helped me put some info together . Now I need your thoughts . Thanks . Lynn
Wednesday has a lot of meetings for Gas Logistics . How about Tuesday , November 13 at 1:00 p.m. ? or Thursday , November 15 , any time . Thanks . Lynn
Thursday , 1:30 works for me . Thanks . Lynn
Should we discuss before answering Greg ? My answers are in the blue . I appreciate any feedback . Thanks . Lynn
John , FYI . If you can attend that would be great . Thanks . Lynn
Gary , any comments you want to add ? Thanks . Lynn
Attached is the spreadsheet Raetta put together after receiving all of the billing information to review the parties involved in the 3.0 bcf long to the pipe position on NNG for October , 2001 . If you have any questions , let Raetta or I know . Sue , the Pinnacle Natural Gas imbalance is the 5,000/day balancing Pinnacle is allowed before volumes go to park and ride . Thanks . Lynn
OK , after talking with Gerry , here is my second try at answering Greg's question trying not to get to detailed . What do you think ?
Jo , I apologize . Your right . The imbalances are short to the pipe . To be sure we are all on the same page . All the deliveries off of NNG on this report took more gas than scheduled and the receipts gave us less than scheduled . Thanks . Lynn
Greg , I answered your questions in blue . Please let me know if you need more clarification . Thanks . Lynn
Really a short position not long .
Cara , I hope you surgery goes well . Very good memo on keeping the team and management informed . Keep up the good work . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , let's discuss changes I need for my presentation tomorrow . Thanks . Lynn
Harry , have you seen this ? Are you familiar with the info ? I have a meeting at 3:00 with Dan Fancler , Tracy and Steve Weller on the EPPI issues . Just wondered if you have any detail on this attachment I need to understand ? Thanks . Lynn
Should we be talking about make up when we are allocating Belleville ? I had a question from Alliant , "You , NNG and ANR both have room to deliver gas to ANR , even though you are doing an allocation , why can't you schedule more delivery at ANR ? Wouldn't that help the system?" I think it would be hard to explain that we are doing make up , allocating and NOT letting a shipper increase deliveries all at the same time . What do you guys think ? Thanks . Lynn
Frank , where are we on the review you were heading up after our conference call with Dave and Measurement ? Looks like more and more customers are questioning our numbers . If there is anything we can do to help you out , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , I am covered as long as you or Jodie are attending . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , let me know what kind of feed back you get . Thanks . Lynn
Lori , please coordinate any testing for the Customer teams for NNG and TW with Mike Bodnar . Thanks . Lynn
fyi . Thanks . Lynn
Shirley , I have forwarded your message to John . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thought you guys might be interested in this . Thanks . Lynn
Frank , thank you for the update . I would like to attend this meeting . Also I added Jodie and Steve on here , because they are very interested in the discussion as well . I hope that is OK . Thanks . Lynn
Mary and Dari , here is my answer . Are you comfortable with it before I send it to the shipper . Thanks . Lynn Answer: If an interruptible shipper is bumped in the Intraday 1 cycle , the shipper will keep 1/3 of their scheduled volumes . Shippers schedule becomes their actual unless they are the operator of the point . Therefore , they would not encounter a DDVC penalty . If the Shipper is the operator , NNG looks at total scheduled volumes vs total actual delivered volumes and determines if a DDVC is appropriate . The DDVC is based on the difference between total scheduled and the actual delivery at the point . If you have any additional questions , please do not hesitate to give me a call . Lynn Blair ( 713-853-7637) .
Mary , I am going to be out of the office Tuesday and Wednesday of next week as well as Monday , November 26th . Do you need me in the meeting ? If not John Buchanan can attend in my place . Thanks . Lynn
Attached is a VERY HIGH level evacuation plan we can start with in the morning at 9:00 a.m . Don't panic , bring your additions and improvements to the meeting and we can modify this plan . I just thought we could start with this . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Let's discuss in the morning . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , here is a PAA I referenced that Donna and I are recommending for Amy . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Lynn
Brad and Donna , you have all of my employees covered . Only change is Cynthia Rivers and Jacob conklin need to be under Sheila instead of me . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Alma , please put me on thel ist to attend . Thanks . Lynn
Can you get this note to the people working next weekend . Thanks . Lynn
Bob , you are correct in your statement . But I want to be sure Koch understand when they nominate their receipt at Carlton of 2828 the delivery on that path will be 2828 less fuel . Otherwise I agree with you statements . I will be out next week , but Raetta is up to speed on this issue if you have any questions . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , be sure we discuss this on Monday morning . Thanks . Lynn
Tim and Randy , how did the traning go ? Thanks . Lynn
Let's discuss again on Monday if we need to relook at hard coding the allocation based on discussions with Kent and Frank . Thanks . Lynn
Fran , do you have an updated org chart that I could send to the Measurement group ? Thanks . Lynn
Sharon , would you please set up a meeting as follows sometime after November 27 , 2001 . Topic: Restructure the information on the TW pipe for the morning meeting Time: 1 hour Attendees: Shelley Corman* Steve January* Darrell Schoolcraft Lynn Blair* Terry kowalke Dale Ratliff* *Required attendance Thanks for the help . Lynn
FYI . Wanted to pass on this information . After working with Minnegasco to help them use Park and Ride as much as possible ( considering we were allocating storage) , the Minnegasco scheduler went into the system for Friday's gas day and changed their business between Intraday 1 and Intraday 2 . This caused cuts through Demarc and Mid 17 . We tried to help as much as possible and keep the same rules we have with all other shippers . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Jean , here is a blank PAA form to fill out if you have someone you want to recognize . Please fill out the form and send to Steve and John for approval since I will be out of the office until next Tuesday . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , here is a first review of the document to the employees . Thanks . Lynn
Brad , looks good to me . I really appreciate you getting these done . Thanks . Lynn
Sharon , would you please set up the following meeting for me to be held after Tuesday of next week . Topic: Review of process for testing model office and production Time Frame: 1 hour Attendees: Brad Holmes Maggie Matheson Ramona Betancourt John Buchanan Terry Kowalke Sheila nacey Jim Studebaker Thanks . Lynn
I will be on vacation Tuesday , November 20 through Monday , November 26 . I will be back in the office on Tuesday , November 27th . John and Terry are in the office all week and Terry is on call for the holiday weekend for scheduling issues . Terry and Steve can get a hold of me over the holidays if needed . For accounting issues , Raetta and Larry will be in the office Tuesday and Wednesday , with Raetta taking a half day vacation on Wednesday . All of you have a great Thanksgiving with your families . I look forward to seeing you next Tuesday . Thanks . Lynn
Looks good to me . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , does Tim know I only have 30 minutes ? As far as I know Shelley will be having her staff meeting . Otherwise , I am OK . Thanks . Lynn
Steve , I did not see your name . Don't you usually approve these ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
If I understand correctly we will make the change for January 1 , 2002 . Do NOT change anything for 2001 . Is that right Donna ? Thanks . Lynn
Have you guys seen this email ? Just wanted to be sure you had . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , have we taken care of this ? Thanks . Lynn
John , where are we on this item ? Thanks . Lynn
I have approved all of the submitted reviewers for all teams with a few exceptions . Those people who had changes will be notified by email . The changes were necessary to ensure an even distribution . If you would like to discuss any of the changes I had to make , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Laura , I had to change one of your reviewers . I changed Christine to Amy . I also removed Richard since he had been selected to many times . I will visit with him though and get some feedback . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Lynn
Christine , I had to change Laura to Linda Ward on your request . We had to many people selecting Laura and I need to evenly distribute the reviews . If you have any concerns , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Linda , I went ahead and assigned Beverly Miller , Amy Mulligan and Richard Hanigriff to review you . You need to submit those three names in the morning . Thanks . Lynn
Sherry , I had to change from Chris to Debra on your reviewers . I will still visit with Chris since you did put her name down . Thanks . Lynn
Chris I had to change Sherry to Janet McDaniel on your reviews . I will still visit with Sherry to get input from her for the year end review . Thanks . Lynn
Randy , I had to change Chris to Robert for one of your reviews . Please let me know if you have any concerns . Thanks . Lynn
Joe , I had to change Chris to Robert on you Year end review . Please let me know if you have any concerns . Thanks . Lynn
Kathy , I had to change one of you reviewers from Chris to Randy Janzen . Please let me know if you have any concerns . Thanks . Lynn
Randy , I had to change one of your reviewers from Diana Porter to Shirley Walden . Please let me know if you have any concerns . Thanks . Lynn
Randy , in our meeting yesterday , I told people they could also give unsolicited feedback on any one on the team and encouraged them to do so . I will talke with Diana to get some feedback from her without her having to fill out additional forms if that sounds OK with you . Thanks . Lynn
Ricki , that sounds great . Would you please take care of this ? Make it from Gas Logistics ? Thanks . Lynn
Do you still want to go to Lunch ? Call Me . Thanks Lynn ( 7637 )
Janet , I will add Harry to your evaluation . Thanks . Lynn
Randy , make sure someone is up to speed on your process that can represent you in the meeting . Thanks . Lynn
Jean , very good memo . Thanks for covering the basis internally on these issues . Lynn
Who is sending the letter to let Bear Paw know we need prepayment ? Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , I have three PAA's that the North team has done . Two people are IT . I wasn't sure if that made a difference ? I told them I would see if we could get them done , but at this late date there were no guarantees . If you approve , I will have Fran fill out the necessary blanks . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , I wanted to see if I could get the PAA in for Ava . I think she did a very good job on the Transwestern meeting and I would like to recognize her for that . If you approve , then I will send to Fran to fill out the appropriate information . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Can we get processed ? Please call me . Thanks . Lynn
Fran , I have Shelley's approval on these . Can we get them approved . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Paul gave me his home and cell phone numbers for this weekend in case anything comes up . Cell Phone - 281-731-0692 Please do not give out to anyone else without Paul knowing . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , NNG and TW are ok . We use UPS and direct mail only . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , below is the TW information for December 1 , 2001 ( 1 ) ENA did not nominate on Transwestern for 12/01/01 . 2100 0 PRR LaMaquina Plant ( POI 500539 ) did not confirm
FYI . This is the info I sent Shelley for Dec . 1 on TW . We need to track any changes to this information during the weekend . Please let Terry or I know if you have any questions . Thanks . Lynn
Kathy , here are the towns in question: Westbrook - Westbrook Power and Light Leadyard - Interstate Power Ivanhoe - UCU Zone EF Thanks . Lynn
Can you double check and make sure there are no outstanding issues in either category for my group and let me know what you find out . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , there is nothing new from the scheduling business on TW and NNG . Same as your last update . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , no problem . Thanks . Lynn
Kim , looks good to me . I am ready for you to send to Drew . Thanks for doing this . Lynn
John , let's discuss . Thanks . Lynn
We are in the process of calling customers to be sure they know the wire transfer has been changed . Thanks . Lynn
Jean , this is a very good report . Would you please add Steve January , Gary Spraggins , Mike Bodnar and Terry Kowalke to the list . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Glen , I had a conversation with Pat Davidson ( SoCal ) yesterday . Things have been going smoothly , because SoCal has not been calling any OFO days . She felt like we would not have an issue until spring and at that time , there is an expectation that SoCal could be calling more OFOs . We agreed to continue talking , but that does not resolve the issue completely . Thanks . Lynn
Shelley , FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Sheila , just an FYI . This is the spreadsheet for ENA on NNG , plus some major interconnect info . Thanks . Lynn
Fyi . Thanks . Lynn
Here is the update from the last meeting we had on the TW OBA issues and possibly making some TW imbalance filing changes . We are to meet next week to review the information that has been gathered and consider our next steps . Thought we could discuss on Friday . Thanks . Lynn
Glen , thanks for the quick turnaround . Lynn
I am available . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
I agree we need to put this posting out . Thanks . Lynn
What are your thoughts on this ? Thanks . Lynn
John , what did you do with this ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , would you please work with Richard and have him do the same process you have done with NNG . Thanks for everyone's help . Lynn
John , can you work with the Jean Adams and let's get this resolved ? Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I had vacation December 6 and December 10 and planning on the 14th , depending on how Thursday goes . Thanks . Lynn
Gary and Caroline , as of today , we have emailed a list by station ( 7 and/or 16 day charts ) to the measurement group which needs to be read for PPA's to correct the daily volumes fro the following shippers: MidAmerican - 147 stations ( It is my understanding you have already 44 of the 147 ) Interstate Power - 6 stations Wisconsin Power and Light - 11 stations In order for Gas Logistics to keep track of the ones that need to be corrected , we would like for Measurement to send us updates on the following information ASAP: 1 . Which station numbers have or have not been corrected for October . 2 . How many October charts have been received and how many are outstanding 3 . Provide status of November chart information . Gas Logistics needs the October corrections in the system by December 19th , which is the time frame for the first prior period run . This is important for us to be able to review the prior period invoices . As you find there are missing charts , if we can be of assistance in calling the field , please let us know . This way , the measurement group can concentrate on reading the charts . We appreciate your assistance and help in tracking these prior periods and helping each of us to keep focused to get these prior period corrections done by the next months billing . If you have any questions , please let Rick or I know . Thanks . Lynn
Larry , who would be two consistent people on each team to cover , Thursday , Friday , Monday and Tuesday ? Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , can we do this same report for November . Thanks . Lynn
Menu for people working Christmas . Honey smoked Turkey Scalloped Potatoes ( Steve ) Green Bean Casserole ( Lynn ) Fruit Salad - ( Lynn ) Vegetable Tray ( Randall's ) Bread ( Randall's ) Pie
Mike , what projects do we have going on in the Business Objects report ? Thanks . Lynn
Mary , FYI . Just wanted to pass this on to you . Also we will put you on the list so each month you will know how much we are billing or if we are billing at all . Hope this helps . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . We need to discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Dan , here is the latest list . I just sent it to you since Randy and LD already have it . We have a call into John Stern about the columns and which ones to use ( you probably already know the answer to that) . Thanks Lynn
John , I am not as smart as you are . I did not know the Hexanes are C6+ . Thanks for the education .
FYI - The column "Hexanes" is the C6+ column to review . Thanks . Lynn
Would all of you be available to meet in my office tomorrow ( Thursday ) at 9:00 a.m . to talk about the morning report for storage that we do each day . I would appreciate your input on the status and how we go forward to simplify the report . Thanks . Lynn
I apologize , but I need to reschedule this meeting for next Monday morning at 9:00 . Does that work for you guys ? Thanks . Lynn
Do you know what this is about ? Thanks . Lynn
Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m . would be better for me . I would appreciate it . Thanks . Lynn
Jerry , Penny , Steve and Gary , we can meet in my office to dial into the conference call if you like . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , sorry I am so late in sending this back . Looks great to me . Thanks . Lynn
Jerry , Penny , Steve and John , you can use my office to make the call . I will be out this afternoon but John Buchanan will sit in for me . Thanks . Lynn
Harry and Gary , is this shortage helping the existing imbalance ? Thanks . Lynn
Jodie , FYI . You need to attend . Thanks . Lynn
Transco/Williams says the $700,000 they owe NNG has been processed and should be wired by Tuesday . We will let you know if anything changes . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , can you followup with Joe to be sure all the basis are covered . Thanks . Lynn
Harry , I am fine with working off the imbalance because I think it is helping Gary and Steve , but I want to be sure it does not go the other way . Please watch and let me know when we net to zero ( 0) . Thanks . Lynn
Sherry does it matter that 12/23 is on a Sunday ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . We are in the process of determining who will be the auditors in the future since that is a requirement in a regulated environment . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , thanks for your quick reply . Lynn
John and Terry , can you work with the teams to get Shelley's name off of the daily update list . She is trying to minimize emails she gets on her blackberry . If you can think of any other lists , let me know . ( What about the Bushton info , is she on that list? ) Thanks for the help . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Gary , thanks for the update . Please let me know when you have info on the other information and the status of November . I appreciate all your help . Lynn
Terry , if you get this message in Steve's staff meeting , please tell him Rick has the list of Capacity release and Agency agreements with ENA that make up the $553,000 Nov . invoice . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Just to let you know , Shelley is trying to minimize emails she gets to preserve space on her Blackberry . But wanted to keep you in the loop in case you needed to send her something . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Sounds good to me . Thanks . Lynn
Attached is the outline used for Stan's meeting this morning . You can just update information as it is your turn to attend his staff meeting . Stan will NOT have a staff meeting next week , December 24th . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Chris , I only got info on the Mid Am Oct . charts . I talked to Gary again yesterday and ask for more information . Hopefully I'll have something today . Have you already sent your letter to Alliant ? Thanks . Lynn
Great job . Thank you for staying with this . I know you guys are up to the challenge to keep it at zero ( 0 ) to the end of the month . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Erin , thank you very much for your assistance in this effort . We appreciate your quick turnaround . Thanks . Lynn Lynn Blair Northern Natural Gas Co . Gas Logistics
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , I don't have any vacation planned . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Raetta , can you follow up on the Flowing gas reports . Thanks . Lynn
Gary , thanks for the update . Please keep us posted as we complete the PPA's . I appreciate your help on this effort . Thanks . Lynn
Are you up to speed on this ? We need to discuss . Thanks . Lynn
Chris , I have this meeting on my calendar . Thanks . Lynn
Sue , we have looked at an automated way to take care of this issue . So far we have not found an exceptable change . It is a timing issue with true ups from the previous day which are not completed before the current day calcuations are done . It is an item we are manually monitoring today , but we are continuing to look for a better method . Thanks . Lynn
Mike , enjoyed the visit in Omaha . See you in January . Thanks . Lynn
Lou , Gas Logistics ( Shelley Corman's Group ) performs the following services . Where do these fall in your list of services in the Service Agreement ? Transportation Contract Services Nomination , Confirmation and Scheduling Services Gas Accounting ( Billing of Transport ) Commercial Support of Systems ( working with the IT group ) Gas Control ( this was included in your list ) If you have any questions , please give me a call . Thanks . Lynn ( Ext . 3-7637 )
Vernon , the way the accounting system works today: Dec . 1 - 20 flow will be attributed to the contract that nominated at that point for the 21 through 31 . This automaticall happens if there is no OBA at the point and if there is only one contract nominated at the point . If we do not want that to happen , we need to discuss our options . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
We finally found the right person in the KN Energy organization for the 18 dth Carlton Obligation . KN will nominate today for Gas Day 26th going forward . We told KN that they will have a penalty We also told them we have been leaving messages since Saturday . We left messages at 3 different offices . KN admitted to seeing the posting but "did not understand" the obligation and they did not call for clarification . If you have any questions , please let John ( Ext . 7429 ) or I ( Ext . 7637 ) know . Thanks . Lynn
Rick , here is Jodie's Mid Year review . Thanks . Lynn
Dari , looks good to me . Harry , do you have any comments ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Team , I would like for you to review the attached Shipper assignment list . With Renee leaving and Pat still on a learning curve , I wanted to throw out some possibilities and get your input . I did not spend a lot of time on interconnects , so you may want to look at those closely . I did talk with John , Terry , Raetta and Larry for input . Please review , discuss and set up some time to visit with me about your comments . Thanks . Lynn
John , what is the status of these todo's ? Thanks . Lynn
Dari , Harry and I have run through the numbers and how we will show the difference on the books and agree with your number . Thanks . Lynn
Harry and I agree . The 567,546.5 is the same number we came up with . Thanks . Lynn
John , thank you for the update . Sheila , just an FYI to keep you in the loop on working from home issues . Thanks . Lynn
I'll call Dari and have her put the rounded number in . Thanks . Lynn
Rick , I am changing my mind again on the SGA conference ( typical woman ) Call me . Lynn ( 713 ) 853-7637
Here is Cynthia's Mid year . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , MaryLou does NOT get differential pay . Thanks . Lynn
Ava , that will be fine . Let's be sure we get the SGA squared away today . I have a doctor's appointment this morning . I will be back by 10:30 . Thanks . Lynn
I want to remind everyone when NNG calls on the Carlton Resolution , we can NOT allow ANY deliveries at Carlton . At each cycle , please be sure you monitor any deliveries at Carlton and let Steve , Gary or Darrell know if you see any nominations . At that point Carlton Deliveries should be allocated to zero ( 0) . If you have any questions , or we need to discuss further , please let me know . Thanks . Lynn
Stan and Danny , here is a recap of activities in Gas Logistics this last week including Gas Control activity . I will send you an update again on Wednesday ( Jan . 2) . Have a great weekend . Please give me call if you have any questions . ( Ext . 7637 ) Thanks . Lynn
Good job of staying with this . Thanks for all your help . Lynn
John , attached is Chris' review . Thanks for the help . Lynn
In talking with Fran we need to have Written Reviews to HR by COB January 2 , 2002 . The reviews do not need to be signed by either party . We can start communicating reviews to the employees at any time . But there should be no discussion on bonus or merit until they are finalized on or around January 18 . Thanks . Lynn
Meoldy and Chris , thank you for your help on this matter . It was very important to us to have Outlook until 11:00 p.m . Thanks . Lynn
Rick , Dari said she would make the letter 8,625 . Thanks . Lynn
John and Terry , could you check into having a Business Objects report done for all groupings with the following information . Previous Cyclce Nomination Current Nomination Confirmation Schedule Confirmation piece is not critical if that prolongs getting the report . The reason for the report - Gas Control needs to know what changes have taken place and this will prevent the teams from doing a manual report . If we already have access to something similar to this , let me know . I would like to be able run this report during cycle . ( I think I am probably asking for the moon) , but that would be the best time for Gas Control . Thanks . Lynn
Rick , FYI . I am concerned about the expectation from Marketing vs . what we can accomplish before January 1 . Are you OK with the way all the emails are going back and forth ? Would you have some time this morning to discuss ? Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
FYI . Thanks . Lynn
Please restore the below referenced file as requested . If you have any questions , please call me at ext . 3-7637 .
FYI . thanks . Lynn
Delaine Kurth with Oneok called today and wanted an OBA at the ( Skellytown ) Cargray Plant ( POI 8442 ) effective 1/1/2002 . After talking with Vernon , I told her that we would draft an OBA on Wednesday with Month to Month cash out language in it . She said to send her the contract and she will run the traps . She was not excited about the monthly cash out requirement . I told her if we could come to agreement we would make it effective 1/1/2002 . If we could not come to agreement , we would continue the same methodology as we have today , which is Oneok picks one of the transportation contracts at the Cargray tailgate to take any variances . Karen , per our conversation , please draft an OBA to send to Oneok . If anyone has any other thoughts or comments on preparing this OBA , please let Karen or I know . Thanks . Lynn
Just a reminder , we are planning a TW Imbalance meeting on Thursday , January 3 , 2002 in 42C2 at 8:30 , right after the NNG/TW morning meeting . Richard will bring updated reports for us to review . Thanks . Lynn
After further investigation here are the facts as of today ( Monday ) on the UCU SBA issue: 1 . UCU nominated 20,000 dth on their SBA contract 2 . UCU reduced there Carlton transportation by 10,000 dth 3 . Kathy is checking all of UCU's contracts to see if overall they: a . Reduced deliveries b . Increased Receipts elsewhere to make up for the Carlton reduction We will have an answer by the morning meeting on Wednesday . Have a great New Years Eve and be careful . Thanks . Lynn
After talking with Robert , we have an Accounts Receivable issue with Oneok for approx . $99,000 . Rick and Robert have tried to resolve this issue with Oneok , Kinder Morgan and NNG . We might want to consider that this has to be resolved before we agree to an OBA at the point .
Naomi , The two analysts that I have had contact with are Matt Lenhart and Vishal Matt will be represented by Jeff Shankman . Vishal joined our group in October . He was in the Power Trading Group for the first 9 months . I spoke to Jim Fallon and we agreed that he should be in the excellent category . I just don't want Vishal to go unrepresented since he changed groups mid year . Call me with questions.(x37041 ) Phillip Allen West Gas Trading
What did mary write ? Stage misses you ? I sent 2 emails . Maybe mary is stalking gary
received the file . It worked . Good job .
Mary Received an email from you on 1/7 , but there was no message . Please try again . Phillip
Please authorize and forward to Tara Sweitzer . Please set up the following with the ability to setup and manage products in stack manager: Steve South Tory Kuykendall Janie Tholt Frank Ermis Matt Lenhart Note: The type of product these traders will be managing is less than 1 month physical in the west . Also please grant access & passwords to enable the above traders to execute book to book trades on EOL . If possible restrict their execution authority to products in the first 3 months . Thank you Phillip Allen
forecast for socal demand/rec/storage . Looks like they will need more gas at ehrenberg.(the swing receipt point ) than 98 or 99 .
Call me . I can't get out .
Please authorize the following products for approval . customers are expecting to see them on 1/14 . PG&E Citygate-Daily Physical , BOM Physical , Monthly Index Physical Malin-Daily Physical , BOM Physical , Monthly Index Physical Keystone-Monthly Index Physical Socal Border-Daily Physical , BOM Physical , Monthly Index Physical PG&E Topock-Daily Physical , BOM Physical , Monthly Index Physical Please approve and forward to Dale Neuner Thank you Phillip
Susan , I received an enrollment confirmation for a class that I did not sign up for . Is there some mistake ? Phillip Allen
Tara , Please make the following changes: FT-West -change master user from Phillip Allen to Keith Holst IM-West-Change master user from Bob Shiring to Phillip Allen Mock both existing profiles . Please make these changes on 1/17/00 at noon . Thank you Phillip
Will , I didn't get to review this . I will give you feedback tomorrow morning Phillip
Julie , The numbers for January are below: Actual flows X gas daily spreads $ 463,000 Actual flow X Index spreads $ 543,000 Jan . value from original bid $1,750,000 Estimated cost to unwind hedges ( $1,000,000 ) Based on these numbers , I suggest we offer to pay at least $500,000 but no more than $1,500,000 . I want your input on how to negotiate with El Paso . Do we push actual value , seasonal shape , or unwind costs ? Phillip
vishal resigned today
here is the file I showed you .
Tara , This note is documentation of my approval of granting executing id's to the west cash traders . Thank you for your help . Phillip
Jim , Updated curves will be sent no later than 11 am on Monday 2/7 . I want Keith to be involved in the process . He was out today . Sorry for the slow turnaround . Phillip
is this still an issue ?
I think Steven Wolf is the person to talk to about moving Kim Olinger to a different RC code .
Kim , Doublecheck with Julie G . ,  but I think it ok to pay Jan . demand charges .
George , Can you please call my credit desk at 713-853-1803 . They have not received any financials for ACN Power . Thanks , Phillip Allen
Please get with randy to resolve .
Should I appeal to Skilling .
Mary , I got your email . Go ahead and get a carpet shampooer . Make sure it comes back clean after each use . ( Wade and the tenants. ) As far as W-2 . I looked up the rules for withholding and social security . I will call you later today to discuss . Phillip
Are you sure you did the attachment right . There was no file attached to your message . Please try again . Phillip
I received your email about setting up Paul Lucci and Niccole Cortez with executable id's . The rights you set up are fine . Thank you for your help . Phillip
Jeff , Let's just close on March 1 . Phillip
Mary , I transferred $10,000 out of the checking account on Monday 2/28/00 . I will call you Monday or Tuesday to see what is new . Phillip
Try again . The attachment was not attached .
Imelda , Please switch my sitara access from central to west and email me with my password . thank you , Phillip
It is ok to let the deposit rollover on #13 if there is no interruption in rent .
The file is updated and renamed as Gas Basis Mar 00 .
$100 for the yard seems like enough for up to 12.5 hours . How long did it take him ? I think $100 should be enough . Use Page Setup under the File menu to change from Portrait to Landscape if you want to change from printing vertically to printing horizontally . Also try selecting Fit to one page if you want your print out to be on only one page . Use Print preview to see what your print out will look like before you print . The truck might need new sparkplugs at around 120,000-125,000 miles . A valve adjustment might do some good . It has idled very high for the last 25,000 miles , but it has never broken down . Glad to hear about the good deposit for this week . Great job on February . Phillip
Anymore details ? Is the offer above or below 675 ? What else do you have in a clean 11cap in a good location with room to expand ?
Go ahead and order the ac for #27 . Can you email or fax a summary of all rents collected from August through December . I need this to finish my tax return . I have all the expense data but not rent collection . Fax number is Thank you , Phillip
Steve , Please remove Bob Shiring and Liz Rivera from rc #768 . Thank you Phillip Allen
Go ahead and level the floor in #2 .
Will , Here is a list of the top items we need to work on to improve the position and p&l reporting for the west desk . My underlying goal is to create position managers and p&l reports that represent all the risk held by the desk and estimate p&l with great accuracy . Let's try and schedule a meeting for this Wednesday to go over the items above . Phillip
re: window unit check with gary about what kind he wants to install
David , I have been receiving your updates . Either I forgot my password or do not have one . Can you check ? Phillip Allen Enron
socal position This is short , but is it good enough ?
Mary I was out of the office on friday . I will call you about wade later today Philip
highly sensitive do not distribute
Can you create an e-mail list to distribute your reports everyday to the west desk ? Or put them on a common drive ? We can do the same with our reports . List should include: Phillip Allen Mike Grigsby Keith Holst Frank Ermis Steve South Janie Tholt Tory Kuykendall Matt Lenhart Randy Gay Thanks . Phillip
Mark , Thank you for the offer , but I am not doing the ride this year . Good luck . Phillip
Mary , Go ahead and work with Gary to get a new fridge for #8 . I am going to try and come down this Saturday . Talk to you later . Phillip
Please grant access to manage financial products to the following: Janie Tholt Frank Ermis Steve South Tory Kuykendall Matt Lenhart Randy Gay We are making markets on one day gas daily swaps . Thank you . Phillip Allen
Jeff , Could we set up an inspection for this Friday at 2:00 ? Listing for Burnet is in the mail Phillip
Mac , I checked into executing my options with Smith Barney . Bad news . Enron has an agreement with Paine Webber that is exclusive . Employees don't have the choice of where to exercise . I still would like to get to the premier service account , but I will have to transfer the money . Hopefully this will reach you . Phillip
We will be there on the 9th and I will bring the paperwork .
Are we going to inspect tomorrow ?
Beth , Here are our addresses for DSL lines: Hunter Shively 10545 Gawain Phillip Allen 8855 Merlin Ct Mike Grigsby 6201 Meadow Lake Thanks Phillip
Thanks for your help . My assistant is Ina Rangel .
Here is my DSL form .
Mary , I spoke to Gary about the foundation work on #2 & #3 . He agreed that it would be better to just clean up #3 and do whatever he and Wade can do to #2 . Then they can just focus on #19 . I worked on the books this weekend but I need more time to finish . I will call you in a day or so . Phillip
Kay & Neal , Thanks for remembering my birthday . You beat my parents by one day . The family is doing fine . Grace is really smiling . She is a very happy baby as long as she is being held . It sounds like your house is coming along fast . I think my folks are ready to start building . We will probably visit in late June or July . May is busy . We are taking the kids to Disney for their birthdays . Good luck on the house . Keith
Laird , Did you meet with SWG on April 27th . Are there any other asset management targets in the west ?
No one will be home on 5/11/00 to meet DSL installers . Need to reschedule to the following week . Also , my PC at home has Windows 95 . Is this a problem ? Call with questions . X37041 . Thank you , Phillip Allen
Dawn , I received your email with p&l's . Please continue to send them daily . Thank you , Phillip
Jeff , I would consider owner financing depending on: Established developer/individual/general credit risk What are they going to do with the land Let me know . Phillip
This note is authorization to make the following changes: 1 . Set up a new book for Frank Ermis-NW Basis 2 . Route these products to NW Basis: 3 . Route EPNG Permian to Todd Richardson's book FT-New Texas Call with questions . X37041 Thank you , Phillip Allen
Lucy , Did you get set up on the checking account ? Try and email me every day with a note about what happened that day . Just info about new vacancies or tenants and which apartments you and wade worked on each day . Phillip
Lucy , I am going to be in Seguin this Saturday through Monday . We can talk about a unit for Wade then . I will call the bank again today to resolve authorization on the account . Lets keep the office open until noon on Memorial day .
address: password: westgasx
Mary , If we add both balances together the total is $1,140 . I can spread it over 6 or 12 months . 6 month payout would be $190/month . 12 month payout would be $95/month . Your choice . I would like it if you could work 5/hrs each Friday for another month or so . Does $10/hr sound fair ? We can apply it to the loan . Phillip
I was glad to hear from you . I hope we can put the past behind us . Sounds like you have been busy . Congratulations on the new baby . Judging from your email all is well with you . That's great . We did have another girl in December , ( Evelyn Grace) . Three is it for us . What's your target ? The other two are doing well . Soccer , T-ball , and bike riding keeps them busy . They could use some of Cole's coordination . My fitness program is not as intense as yours right now . I am just on maintenance . You will be surprised to hear that Hunter is a fanatical cyclist . We have been riding to work twice a week for the last few months . He never misses , rain or shine . Sometimes we even hit the trails in Memorial Park on Saturdays . Mountain biking is not as hard as a 50 mile trip on the road . I would like to dust off my road bike and go for a ride some Saturday . I would like to hear more about your new job . Maybe we could grab lunch sometime . Phillip
Jeff , I will respond to the offer on Monday . There is a $35 Million expansion adding 250 jobs in Burnet . I am tempted to hold for $3000/acre . Owner financing would still work . Do you have an opinion ? Phillip
Lucy , Click on this attachment to see the format to record expenses . You can keep a log on paper or on the computer . The computer would be better for sending me updates . What do you think about being open until noon on Saturday . This might be more convenient for collecting rent and showing open apartments . We can adjust office hours on another day . Phillip
Felix , Network: login pallen Notes: My location is 3210B . Phillip
All the gas reports are under west desk Call Brian Hoskins for a password
Check out NP Gen & Load . ( aMW )
Lucy , I want to speak to Wade myself . He can call me at work or home . Or if you email me his number I will call him . I would like Gary to direct Wade on renovation tasks and you can give him work orders for normal maintenance . I will call you tomorrow to discuss items from the office . Do you need Mary to come in on any more Fridays ? I think I can guess your answer . I might stop by this Friday . Phillip
Scott , I emailed your question to a friend that works for the new company . I think I know the answer to your questions but I want to get the exact details from him . Basically , they will offer energy online at a fixed price or some price that undercuts the current provider . Then once their sales are large enough they will go to the wholesale market to hedge and lock in a profit . The risk is that they have built in enough margin to give them room to manage the price risk . This is my best guess . I will get back to you with more . Phillip
no
is your voice healed or are you going to use a real time messenger ?
What is GIS info ? Can you do this ?
Lucy , I got your email . I didn't have time to finish it . I will read it this weekend and ask my dad about the a/c's . I am glad you are enjoying the job . This weekend I will mark up the lease and rules . If I didn't mention this when I was there , the 4th is a paid holiday for you and Wade . Have a good weekend and I will talk to you next week . Phillip
What are my choices for dates ?
Tim , Matt sent you a email with his attempt to organize some of the cems and wscc data . Tim H . expressed concern over the reliability of the wscc data . I don't know if we should scrap the wscc or just keep monitoring in case it improves . Let me know what you think . Phillip
Anytime after 3 p.m .
thanks for the info .
Jeff , I have spoken to Brenda and everything looks good . Matt Lutz was supposed to email me some language but I did not receive it . I don't have his # so can you follow up . When is the estimated closing date . Let me know what else I need to be doing . Phillip
Brenda , The word document attached is a notice/consent form for the sale . The excel file is an amortization table for the note . You can use the Additional Principal Reduction to record prepayments . Please email me back to confirm receipt . Phillip
I am not in good enough shape to ride a century right now . Plus I'm nursing some injuries . I can do lunch this week or next , let's pick a day . Phillip
Ina , Please sign me up for this course whenever Hunter is signed up . Thanks
testing
please add mike grigsby to distribution list .
How about Tuesday at 11:15 in front of the building ?
Celeste , I need two assoc./analyst for the west gas trading desk . Can you help ? I also left you a voice mail . Phillip
Kay , I will be down that weekend , but I am not sure about the rest of the family . All is well here . I will try to bring some pictures if I can't bring the real thing . Keith
any morning between 10 and 11:30
fyi CIG
11:15 today still works .
Here is the 1st draft of a wish list for systems .
the merlin ct . address is still good . I don't know why the mailing would be returned .
Wade , I understood your number one priority was to deal with your vehicle situation . You need to take care of it this week . Lucy can't hold the tenants to a standard ( vehicles must be in running order with valid stickers ) if the staff doesn't live up to it . If you decide to buy a small truck and you want to list me as an employer for credit purposes , I will vouch for your income . Phillip
please add mike grigsby to distribution
Lucy , I will call you this afternoon to discuss the things in your email . Phillip
John , The only long term deal in the west that you could put prudency against is the PGT transport until 2023 Phillip
can you build something to look at historical prices from where we saved curves each night . Here is an example that pulls socal only . Improvements could include a drop down menu to choose any curve and a choice of index,gd , or our curves .
Hunter , Are you watching Alberto ? Do you have Yahoo Messenger or Hear Me turned on ? Phillip
Lucy , I didn't get a fax with the July bank statement on Friday . Can you refax it Phillip
What are your skills ? Why do you want to be on a trading desk ?
Ina , I keep getting these security requests that I cannot approve . Please take care of this . Phillip
Ina , How many times do you think Jeff wants to get this message . Please help Phillip
Lucy , Now that #44 is rented and you have settled in for a couple of months , we need to focus on expenses and recordkeeping . First , I want to implement the following changes: 1 . No Overtime without my written ( or email ) instructions . 2 . Daily timesheets for you and Wade faxed to me daily 3 . Paychecks will be issued each Friday by me at the State Bank 4 . No more expenditures on office or landscape than is necessary for basic operations . Moving on to the checkbook , I have attached a spreadsheet that organizes all the checks since Jan . 1 . When you open the file , go to the "Checkbook" tab and look at the yellow highlighted items . I have questions about these items . Please gather receipts so we can discuss . Phillip
No can do . Are you in the zone ?
Colleen , I am out ot the office on Friday , but Keith Holst will attend . He has been managing the Transport on the west desk . Phillip
I tried to run the model and it did not work
Cash Chicago Katy Opal Permian Gas Daily Chicago Katy Permian Prompt Chicago
Stephanie Please grant Paul the requested eol rights Thanks , Phillip
Cooper , Did you add some more security to the expost hourly summary ? It keeps asking me for additional passwords and domain . What do I need to enter ? Phillip
Cooper , This is the website I use: Should I use a different address .
I tried the new address but I don't have access . also , what do I need to enter under domain ?
I checked into exercising options with Smith Barney , but Enron has some kind of exclusive with Paine Weber . I am starting to exercise now , but I am going to use the proceeds to buy another apartment complex . What do you think about selling JDSU and buying SDLI ? Also can you look at EOG as a play on rising oil and gas prices . Thanks , Phillip
Mac , Thanks for the research report on EOG . Here are my observations: Estimated Gas Prices $985,721,000/334,340,000= $2.95/mcf Actual gas prices are around $1.00/mcf higher and rising . Recalc of EPS with more accurate gas prices: That is just a back of the envelope valuation based on gas prices . I think crude price are undervalued by the tune of $10/share . Current price 37 Nat . Gas 34 Crude 10 Total 81 Can you take a look at these numbers and play devil's advocate ? To me this looks like the best stock to own Also can you send me a report on Calpine , Thank you , Phillip
Please cc the following distribution list with updates: Phillip Allen ( pallen@enron.com ) Keith Holst ( kholst@enron.com ) Monique Sanchez Frank Ermis John Lavorato Thank you for your help Phillip Allen
Open the "utility" spreadsheet and try to complete the analysis of whether it is better to be a small commercial or a medium commercial ( LP-1) . You will need to get the usage for that meter for the last 12 months . If we have one year of data , we can tell which will be cheaper . Use the rates described in the spreadsheet . This is a great chance for you to practice excel .
Lucy , Please open this excel file and input the rents and names due for this week . Then email the file back .
Lucy , We can discuss your email later . How is progress on creating the spreadsheets . You will probably need to close the file before you attach to an email . It is 2:00 . I really want to make some progress on these two files . Phillip
raincheck ?
you have my approval
Lucy , I got your email with the attachment . Let's work together today to get this done Phillip
Lucy , The rent roll spreadsheet is starting to look better . See if you can add these modifications: 1 . Use a formula in column E . Add the value in column C to column D . It should read =c6+d6 . Then copy this formula to the rows below . 2 . Column H needs a formula . Subtract amount paid from amount owed . 3 . Column F is filled with the #### sign . this is because the column width is too narrow . Use you mouse to click on the line beside the letter F . Hold the left mouse button down and drag the column wider . 4 . After we get the rent part fixed , lets bring the database columns up to this sheet and place them to the right in columns J and beyond . Phillip
Bruce , Can you stop by and set up my reuters . Phillip
Brad , With regard to Tori Kuykendall , I would like to promote her to commercial manager instead of converting her from a commercial support manager to an associate . Her duties since the beginning of the year have been those of a commercial manager . I have no doubt that she will compare favorably to others in that category at year end . Martin Cuilla on the central desk is in a similiar situation as Tori . Hunter would like Martin handled the same as Tori . Let me know if there are any issues . Phillip
Colleen , Please add Mike Grigsby to the distribution . On another note , do you have any idea how Patti is holding up ? Phillip
Suzanne , Can you give me more details or email the plan prior to meeting ? What do I need to provide besides headcount ? Otherwise any afternoon next week would be fine Phillip
Mark , Attached is a spreadsheet that lists the end of day midmarkets for socal basis and socal/san juan spreads . I listed the days during bidweek that reflected financial trading for Socal Index and the actual gas daily prints before and after bidweek . The following observations can be made: July 1 . The basis market anticipated a Socal/San Juan spread of . 81 vs actual of . 79 2 . Perceived index was 4.95 vs actual of 4.91 3 . Socal Gas Daily Swaps are trading at a significant premium . Aug . 1 . The basis market anticipated a Socal/San Juan spread of 1.04 vs actual of . 99 2 . Perceived index was 4.54 vs actual of 4.49 3 . Gas daily spreads were much wider before and after bidweek than the monthly postings 4 . Socal Gas Daily Swaps are trading at a significant premium . Enron Online will allow you to monitor the value of financial swaps against the index , as well as , spreads to other locations . Please call with any questions . Phillip
Brenda Can you send me your address in College Station . Phillip
Mark , Were you able to log in to enron online and find socal today ? I will follow up with a list of our physical deals done yesterday and today . Phillip
Mark , Here is a spreadsheet detailing our September Socal trades . ( I did not distinguish between buys vs . sells. ) Phillip
Why are his requests coming to me ?
Greg , Got your message . Good luck on the bike ride . What were you doing to your apartment ? Are you setting up a studio ? The kids are back in school . Otherwise just work is going on here . Keith
Greg , How about either next Tuesday or Thursday ? Phillip
John Lavorato-M Mike Grigsby-D Keith Holst-D Frank Ermis-D Steve South-D Janie Tholt-D Scott Neal-P Hunter Shively-P Tom Martin-P John Arnold-P
Let's shoot for Tuesday at 11:45 .
Cooper , Can you give access to the new west power site to Jay Reitmeyer . He is an analyst in our group . Phillip
Richard , Compare your california production to the numbers in the 2000 California Gas Report . It shows 410 . But again that might be just what the two utilities receive .
resumes of whom ?
Ina , Can you pull Tori K.'s and Martin Cuilla's resumes and past performance reviews from H.R .
Ina , I scheduled a meeting with Jean Mrha tomorrow at 3:30
Larry , Just a note to touch base on the sagewood townhomes and other development opportunities . I stumbled across some other duplexes for sale on the same street . that were built by Reagan Lehmann . 22 Units were sold for around $2 million . ( $182,000/duplex) . I spoke to Reagan and he indicated that he had more units under construction that would be available in the 180's . Are the units he is selling significantly different from yours ? He mentioned some of the units are the 1308 floor plan . My bid of 2.7 million is almost $193,000/duplex . As far as being an investor in a new project , I am still very interested . Call or email with your thoughts . Phillip
Jeff , You would clearly receive a commission on a deal on the sagewood . I am surprised by your request for payment on any type of project in which I might become involved with Creekside . Are you in the business of brokering properties or contacts ? Is your position based on a legal or what you perceive to be an ethical issue ? Did you propose we look at developing a project from scratch ? I am not prepared to pay more than 2.7 for sagewood yet . Phillip
why is aeco basis so low on the list ? Is NWPL mapped differently than AECO ? What about the correlation to Nymex on AECO ?
The reason the benchmark report shows net selling San Juan is that the transport positions were rolled in on 9/8 . This added 800 shorts to San Juan and 200 longs to Socal . Before this adjustment we bought 300 San Juan and
Jeff , I received the rent roll . I am going to be in San Marcos this weekend but I am booked with stage coach . I will drive by Friday evening . I will let you know next week if I need to see the inside . Can you find out when Chelsea Villa last changed hands and for what price ? What about getting a look at the site plans for the Burnet deal . Remember we have to get Brenda happy . Phillip
Lucy , You wrote fewer checks this month . Spent more money on Materials and less on Labor . June July August Here are my questions on the August bank statement ( attached): 1 . Check 1406 Walmart Description and unit ? 2 . Check 1410 Crumps Detail description and unit ? 3 . Check 1411 Lucy What is this ? 4 . Check 1415 Papes Detail description and units ? 5 . Checks 1416 , 1417 , and 1425 Why overtime ? 6 . Check 1428 Ralph's What unit ? 7 . Check 1438 Walmart ? Description and unit ? Try and pull together the support for these items and get back to me . Phillip
Brenda , I checked my records and I mailed check #1178 for the normal amount on August 28th . I mailed it to 4303 Pate Rd . #29 , College Station , TX 77845 . I will go ahead and mail you another check . If the first one shows up you can treat the 2nd as payment for October . I know your concerns about the site plan . I will not proceed without getting the details and getting your approval . I will find that amortization schedule and send it soon . Phillip
Lucy , I want to have an accurate rent roll as soon as possible . I faxed you a copy of this file . You can fill in on the computer or just write in the correct amounts and I will input .
Jeff , I need to see the site plan for Burnet . Remember I must get written approval from Brenda Key Stone before I can sell this property and she has concerns about the way the property will be subdivided . I would also like to review the closing statements as soon as possible . Phillip
Jeff , What is up with Burnet ? Phillip
George , Here sales numbers from Reagan: As you can see his units sold at a variety of prices per square foot . The 1308/1308 model seems to have the most data and looks most similiar to the units you are selling . At 2.7 MM , my bid is . 70/sf higher than his units under construction . I am having a hard time justifying paying much more with competition on the way . The price I am bidding is higher than any deals actually done to date . Let me know what you think . I will follow up with an email and phone call about Cherry Creek . I am sure Deborah Yates let you know that the bid was rejected on the De Ville property . Phillip Allen
George , Below is a list of questions that Keith and I had regarding the Westgate project: Ownership Structure What will be the ownership structure ? Limited partnership ? General partner ? What are all the legal entities that will be involved and in what capacity(regarding ownership and liabilities) ? Who owns the land ? improvements ? Who holds the various loans ? Is the land collateral ? Investment What happens to initial investment ? Is it used to purchase land for cash?Secure future loans ? Why is the land cost spread out on the cash flow statement ? When is the 700,000 actually needed ? Now or for the land closing ? Investment schedule ? Investment Return Is Equity Repayment the return of the original investment ? Is the plan to wait until the last unit is sold and closed before profits are distributed ? Debt Which entity is the borrower for each loan and what recourse or collateral is associated with each loan ? Improvement Construction Are these the only two loans ? Looks like it from the cash flow statement . Terms of each loan ? Uses of Funds How will disbursements be made ? By whom ? What type of bank account ? Controls on max disbursement ? Internet viewing for investors ? Reports to track expenses vs plan ? Bookkeeping procedures to record actual expenses ? What is the relationship of Creekside Builders to the project ? Do you get paid a markup on subcontractors as a general contractor and paid gain out of profits ? Do you or Larry receive any money in the form of salary or personal expenses before the ultimate payout of profits ? Design and Construction When will design be complete ? What input will investors have in selecting design and materials for units ? What level of investor involvement will be possible during construction planning and permitting ? Does Creekside have specific procedures for dealing with subcontractors , vendors , and other professionals ? Such as always getting 3 bids , payment schedules , or reference checking ? Are there any specific companies or individuals that you already plan to use ? Names ? These questions are probably very basic to you , but as a first time investor in a project like this it is new to me . Also , I want to learn as much as possible from the process . Phillip
John , Denver's short rockies position beyond 2002 is created by their Trailblazer transport . They are unhedged 15,000/d in 2003 and 25,000/d in 2004 and They are scrubbing all their books and booking the Hubert deal on Wednesday and Thursday . Phillip
Kathy , Regarding the guest password for gas daily , can you please relay the information to Mike Grigsby at 37031 so he can pass it along to the user at gas daily today . I will be out of the office on Friday . thank you Phillip
Greg , Happy B-day . Email me your phone # and I will call you . Keith
Chris , What is the latest with PG&E ? We have been having good discussions regarding EOL . Call me when you can . X37041 Phillip
Nymex expiration is during this time frame . Please reschedule .
Liane , As we discussed yesterday , I am concerned there has been an attempt to manipulate the El Paso San Juan monthly index . A single buyer entered the marketplace on both September 26 and 27 and paid above market prices ( $4.70-$4.80 ) for San Juan gas with the intent to distort the index . At the time of these trades , offers for physical gas at significantly ( 10 to 15 cents ) lower prices were bypassed in order to establish higher trades to report into the index calculation . Additionally , these trades are out of line with the associated financial swaps for San Juan . We have compiled a list of financial and physical trades executed from September 25 to September 27 . These are the complete list of trades from Enron Online ( EOL) , Enron's direct phone conversations , and three brokerage firms ( Amerex , APB , and Prebon) . Please see the attached spreadsheet for a trade by trade list and a summary . We have also included a summary of gas daily prices to illustrate the value of San Juan based on several spread relationships . The two key points from this data are as follows: 1 . The high physical prices on the 26th & 27th ( 4.75,4,80 ) are much greater than the high financial trades ( 4.6375,4.665 ) on those days . 2 . The spread relationship between San Juan and other points ( Socal & Northwest ) is consistent between the end of September and October gas daily . It doesn't make sense to have monthly indeces that are dramatically different . I understand you review the trades submitted for outliers . Hopefully , the trades submitted will reveal counterparty names and you will be able to determine that there was only one buyer in the 4.70's and these trades are outliers . I wanted to give you some additional points of reference to aid in establishing a reasonable index . It is Enron's belief that the trades at $4.70 and higher were above market trades that should be excluded from the calculation of index . It is our desire to have reliable and accurate indeces against which to conduct our physical and financial business . Please contact me anytime I can assist you towards this goal . Sincerely , Phillip Allen
Brenda , Please use the second check as my October payment . I have my copy of the original deal . Do you want me to fax this to you ? Phillip
I think Fletch has a good CPA . I am still doing my own .
Brenda , Please use the second check as the October payment . If you have already tossed it , let me know so I can mail you another . Phillip
Paula , 35 million is fine Phillip
Dave , Here are the names of the west desk members by category . The origination side is very sparse . Phillip
Lucy , Here are the rentrolls: Open them and save in the rentroll folder . Follow these steps so you don't misplace these files . 1 . Click on Save As 2 . Click on the drop down triangle under Save in: 3 . Click on the ( C): drive 4 . Click on the appropriate folder 5 . Click on Save: Phillip
Mr . Buckner , For delivered gas behind San Diego , Enron Energy Services is the appropriate Enron entity . I have forwarded your request to Zarin Imam at EES . Her phone number is 713-853-7107 . Phillip Allen
I don't think these are required by the ISP 2 . static IP address IP: 64.216.90.105 Sub: 255.255.255.248 gate: 64.216.90.110 DNS: 151.164.1.8
test successful . way to go!! !
Bob , Any time tomorrow between 10 am and 1 pm would be good for looking at the plans . As far as the TV's , what do you need me to do ? Do we need plasma screens or would regular monitors be just as good at a fraction of the cost . Phillip
Lucy , Here are the actual utility bills versus the cap . Did we collect these overages ? Let's discuss further ? Remember these bills were paid in July and August . The usage dates are much earlier . I have the bills but I can get them to you if need be . Philip
Randy , Can you send me a schedule of the salary and level of everyone in the scheduling group . Plus your thoughts on any changes that need to be made . ( Patti S for example ) Phillip
Jed , I understand you have been contacted regarding a telephone interview to discuss trading opportunities at Enron . I am sending you this message to schedule the interview . Please call or email me with a time that would be convenient for you . I look forward to speaking with you . Phillip Allen West Gas Trading
Richard , Are you available at 5:30 ET today ? Phillip
Bob , Regarding Patti Sullivan's contributions to the west desk this year , her efforts deserve recognition and a PBR award . Patti stepped up to fill the gap left by Randy Gay's personal leave . Patti held together the scheduling group for about 2 month's by working 7days a week during this time . Patti was always the first one in the office during this time . Frequently , she would be at work before 4 AM to prepare the daily operation package . All the traders came to depend on the information Patti provided . This information has been extremely critical this year due to the pipeline explosion and size of the west desk positions . Please call to discuss cash award . Phillip
Andy , I spoke to John L . and he ok'd one of each new electronic system for the west desk . Are there any operational besides ICE and Dynegy ? If not , can you have your assistant call me with id's and passwords . Thank you , Phillip
Andy , Please assign a user name to Randy Gay . Thank you , Phillip
Bob , Patti Sullivan held together the scheduling group for two months while Randy Gay was on a personal leave . She displayed a tremendous amount of commitment to the west desk during that time . She frequently came to work before 4 AM to prepare operations reports . Patti worked 7 days a week during this time . If long hours were not enough , there was a pipeline explosion during this time which put extra volatility into the market and extra pressure on Patti . She didn't crack and provided much needed info during this time . Patti is performing the duties of a manager but being paid as a sr . specialist . Based on her heroic efforts , she deserves a PBR . Let me know what is an acceptable cash amount . Phillip
George , The San Marcos project is sounding very attractive . I have one other investor in addition to Keith that has interest . Some additional background information on Larry and yourself would be helpful . Background Questions: Please provide a brief personal history of the two principals involved in Creekside . Please list projects completed during the last 5 years . Include the project description , investors , business entity , Please provide the names and numbers of prior investors . Please provide the names and numbers of several subcontractors used on recent projects . With regard to the proposed investment structure , I would suggest a couple of changes to better align the risk/reward profile between Creekside and the investors . Preferable Investment Structure: Developers guarantee note , not investors . Preferred rate of return ( 10% ) must be achieved before any profit sharing . Builder assumes some risk for cost overruns . Since this project appears so promising , it seems like we should tackle these issues now . These questions are not intended to be offensive in any way . It is my desire to build a successful project with Creekside that leads to future opportunities . I am happy to provide you with any information that you need to evaluate myself or Keith as a business partner . Sincerely , Phillip Allen
Dexter , I spoke to our EOL support group and requested a guest id for you . Did you receive an email with a login and password yesterday ? If not , call me and I will find out why not . Phillip
We linked the file you sent us to telerate and we replace >40000 equals $250 to a 41.67 heat rate . We applied forward gas prices to historical loads . I guess this gives us a picture of a low load year and a normal load year . Prices seem low . Looks like November NP15 is trading above the cap based on Nov 99 loads and current gas prices . What about a forecast for this November loads . Let me know what you think . Phillip
Bob , I spoke to Jeff . He said he would not pay anything . I am waiting for John to be in a good mood to ask . What is plan B ? Phillip
Steve , Thank you for the update . The need is still great for this disk space . Phillip
Dave , The back office is having a hard time dealing with the $11 million dollars that is to be recognized as transport expense by the west desk then recouped from the Office of the Chairman . Is your understanding that the West desk will receive origination each month based on the schedule below . The Office of the Chairman agrees to grant origination to the Denver desk as follows: This schedule represents a demand charge payable to NBP Energy Pipelines by the Denver desk . The demand charge is $.18/MMBtu on 250,000 MMBtu/Day Office of the Chairman has agreed to reimburse the west desk for this expense . Let me know if you disagree . Phillip
Bob , Activate Plan B . No money from John . Wish I had better news . Phillip
can you fill it in yourself ? I will sign it .
Put me down as a reviewer
George , Your attachment is not opening on my computer . Can you put the info in Word instead ? Thanks , Phillip
Faith , Regarding the 2001 plan , the members of the west desk are as follows: Name Title Trading Phillip Allen VP Mike Grigsby Director Keith Holst Manager(possible Director ) Janie Tholt Director Steve South Director Frank Ermis Manager Tori Kuykendall Manager Matt Lenhart Analyst(possible associate ) Monique Sanchez Commercial Support Manager Jay Reitmeyer Senior Specialist Ina Rangel Assistant ( split costs with middle market ) Marketing Barry Tycholiz Director Mark Whitt Director Paul Lucci Manager ( possible Director ) 2-3 TBD Do I need to give you the names of our operations group ? Special Pays- I believe Mike Grigsby has a retention payment due this year . Also we should budget for another $150,000 of special payments . I know you have been working with Barry T . if his headcount is different on the Marketing staff use his numbers . Let me know if there is anything else you need . Phillip
George , Just a note to check in . Are there any new developments ? Phillip
Ina , Where can we put Barry T. ? Phillip
Phillip , How are you today I am very busy but I have to let you know that #37 counted and tat pays her up untill 10/26/ or did i count wrong ? Lucy says: she pays 125.00 a week but she'sgoing on vacation so thjat is why she pd more Lucy says: I have all the deposit ready but she isn't due on this roll I just wanted to tell you because you might think she didn't pay or something Lucy says: the amnt is:4678.00 I rented #23 aand #31 may be gone tonight I have been putting in some overtime trying to rent something out i didnt leave last night untill 7:00 and i have to wait for someone tonight that works late . phillip says: send me the rentroll when you can phillip says: Did I tell you that I am going to try and be there this Fri & Sat Lucy says: no you didn't tell me that you were going to be here but wade told me this morning I sent you the roll did you get it ? Did you need me here this weekend because I have a sweet,sixteen I'm getting ready for and if you need me here Sat,then I will get alot done before then . phillip says: We can talk on Friday Lucy says: okay see ya later bye . Lucy says: I sent you the roll did you get it ?  phillip says: yes thank you The following message could not be delivered to all recipients: yes thank you
George , The other files opened fine , but I can't open winmail.dat files . Can you resend this one in a pdf format. ? Thanks , Phillip
Paula , I looked over the plan . It looks fine . Phillip
George , I received the drawings . They look good at first glance . I will look at them in depth this weekend . The proforma was in the winmail.dat format which I cannot open . Please resend in excel or a pdf format . If you will send it to pallen70@hotmail.com , I will be able to look at it this weekend . Does this file have a timeline for the investment dollars ? I just want to get a feel for when you will start needing money . Phillip
How about 3:30
Lucy , Here is a rentroll for this week . The one you sent for 11/24 looked good . It seems like most people are paying on time . Did you rent an efficiency to the elderly woman on a fixed income ? Go ahead a use your judgement on the rent prices for the vacant units . If you need to lower the rent by $10 or $20 to get things full , go ahead . I will be out of the office on Thursday . I will talk to you on Friday . Phillip
it is ok with me .
please remove my name and information from the registered user list . Do not sell my information . Phillip Allen
I would support Matt Lenhart's promotion to the next level . I would oppose Ken Shulklapper's promotion .
Lucy , Here is a final 12/01 rentroll for you to save . My only questions are: 1 . Neil Moreno in #21-he paid $120 on 11/24 , but did not pay anything on 12/01 . Even if he wants to swich to bi-weekly , he needs to pay at the beginning of the two week period . What is going on ? 2 . Gilbert in #27-is he just late ? Here is a file for 12/08 .
Greg , The kids are into typical toys and games . Justin likes power ranger stuff . Kelsey really likes art . Books would also be good . We are spending Christmas in Houston with Heather's sister . We are planning to come to San Marcos for New Years . How long will you stay ? what are your plans ? Email me with latest happenings with you in the big city .
Christy , I read these points and they definitely need some touch up . I don't understand why we need to give our commentary on why prices are so high in California . This subject has already gotten so much press . Phillip
Attached are two files that illustrate the following: As prices rose , supply increased and demand decreased . Now prices are beginning to fall in response these market responses .
Yes you can use this chart . Does it make sense ?
Lucy , Here is a new file for 12/15 . For the rentroll for 12/08 here are my questions: #23 & #24 did not pay . Just late or moving ? #25 & #33 Both paid 130 on 12/01 and $0 on 12/08 . What is the deal ? #11 Looks like she is caught up . When is she due again ? Please email the answers . Phillip
Lucy , I want to get the lease data and tenant data updated . The critical information is 1 . Move in or lease start date 2 . Lease expiration date 3 . Rent 4 . Deposit If you have the info you can fill in these items 1 . Number of occupants 2 . Workplace All the new leases should be the long form . The apartments that have new tenants since these columns have been updated back in October are #3,5,9,11,12,17,21,22,23,25,28,33,38 . I really need to get this by tomorrow . Please use the rentroll_1215 file to input the correct information on all these tenants . And email it to me tomorrow . You should have all this information on their leases and applications . Phillip
Larry , 10 AM tomorrow is good for me . If you want to email me anything tonight , please use pallen70@hotmail.com . Phillip
Yes . Trading reports to Whalley . He is Lavorato's boss .
Jeff , The files attached contain a current rentroll , 2000 operating statement , and a proforma operating statement .
Jeff , Hear is a new NOI file . I have added an operating statement for 1999 ( partial year) . I will try to email you some photos soon . Phillip
George & Larry , If possible , I would like to get together in Columbus as Larry suggested . Thursday afternoon is the only day that really works for me . Let me know if that would work for you . I was thinking around 2 or 2:30 pm . I will try to email you any questions I have from the latest proforma tomorrow . Phillip
Fax number 713-646-2391
Received the fax . Thank you . I might have to sell the QQQ and take the loss for taxes . But I would roll right into a basket of individual technology stocks . I think I mentioned this to you previously that I have decided to use this account for the kids college .
Please assign global id's to the four junior traders listed on Dawn's original email . The are all trading and need to have unique id's . Thank you
John , Here is our North of Stanfield forecast for Jan . Supply Jan '01 Dec '00 Jan '00 Demand Roosevelt capacity is 495 . Let me know how your forecast differs . Phillip
Monique Sanchez Jay Reitmeyer Randy Gay Matt Lenhart
Steve , I am sending you a variety of charts with prices and operational detail . If you need to call with questions my home number is 713-463-8626 . As far as recommendations , here is a short list: 1 . Examine LDC's incentive rate program . Current methodology rewards sales above monthly index without enough consideration of future replacement cost . The result is that the LDC's sell gas that should be injected into storage when daily prices run above the monthly index . This creates a shortage in later months . 2 . California has the storage capacity and pipeline capacity to meet demand . Investigate why it wasn't maximized operationally . Specific questions should include: 1 . Why in March '00-May '00 weren't total system receipts higher in order to fill storage ? 2 . Why are there so many examples of OFO's on weekends that push away too much gas from Socal's system . I believe Socal gas does an extremely poor job of forecasting their own demand . They repeatedly estimated they would receive more gas than their injection capablity , but injected far less . 3 . Similar to the power market , there is too much benchmarking to short term prices . Not enough forward hedging is done by the major LDCs . By design the customers are short at a floating rate . This market has been long historically . It has been a buyers market and the consumer has benefitted . Call me if you need any more input . Phillip
Jeff , Everything should be done for closing on the Leander deal on the 29th . I have fed ex'd the closing statements and set up a wire transfer to go out tomorrow . When will more money be required ? Escrow for roads ? Utility connections ? Other rezoning costs ? What about property taxes ? The burnet land lost its ag exemption while I owned it . Are there steps we can take to hold on to the exemption on this property ? Can you explain the risks and likelihood of any rollback taxes once the property is rezoned ? Do we need to find a farmer and give him grazing rights ? What are the important dates coming up and general status of rezoning and annexing ? I am worried about the whole country slipping into a recession and American Multifamily walking on this deal . So I just want to make sure we are pushing the process as fast as we can . Phillip
Jim , I would appreciate your help in locating financing for the project I described to you last week . The project is a 134 unit apartment complex in San Marcos . There will be a builder/developer plus myself and possibly a couple of other investors involved . As I mentioned last week , I would like to find interim financing ( land , construction , semi-perm ) that does not require the investors to personally guarantee . If there is a creative way to structure the deal , I would like to hear your suggestions . One idea that has been mentioned is to obtain a "forward commitment" in order to reduce the equity required . I would also appreciate hearing from you how deals of this nature are normally financed . Specifically , the transition from interim to permanent financing . I could use a quick lesson in what numbers will be important to banks . I am faxing you a project summary . And I will have the builder/developer email or fax his financial statement to you . Let me know what else you need . The land is scheduled to close mid January . Phillip Allen
Gentlemen , I continue to speak to an attorney for help with the investment structure and a mortgage broker for help with the financing . Regarding the financing , I am working with Jim Murnan at Pinnacle Mortgage here in Houston . I have sent him some information on the project , but he needs financial information on you . Can you please send it to him . His contact information is: phone ( 713)781-5810 , fax ( 713)781-6614 , and email jim123@pdq.net . I know Larry has been working with a bank and they need my information . I hope to pull that together this afternoon . I took the liberty of calling Thomas Reames from the Frog Pond document . He was positive about his experience overall . He did not seem pleased with the bookkeeping or information flow to the investor . I think we should discuss these procedures in advance . Let's continue to speak or email frequently as new developments occur . Phillip
Trading Profits Rest of Desk 282 Total 945 I view my bonus as partly attributable to my own trading and partly to the group's performance . Here are my thoughts . Minimum Market Maximum Here are Mike's numbers . I have not made any adjustments to them . Minimum Market Maximum I have given him an "expectations" speech , but you might do the same at some point . Phillip
I can't open a winmail.dat file . can you send in a different format
cannot open this file . Please send in different format
Questions about 12/29 rentroll: There were two deposits that were not labeled . One for $150 and the other for $75 . Which apartments ? 20a or #13 ? Utility overages for #26 and #44 ? Where did you get these amounts ? For what periods ? What is going on with #42 . Do not evict this tenant for being unclean!! ! That will just create an apartment that we will have to spend a lot of money and time remodeling . I would rather try and deal with this tenant by first asking them to clean their apartment and fixing anything that is wrong like leaky pipes . If that doesn't work , we should tell them we will clean the apartment and charge them for the labor . Then we will perform monthly inspections to ensure they are not damaging the property . This tenant has been here since September 1998 , I don't want to run them off . I check with the bank and I did not see that a deposit was made on Tuesday so I couldn't check the total from the rentroll against the bank . Is this right ? Has the deposit been made yet ? A rentroll for Jan 5th will follow shortly . Phillip
Frank , Did you receive the information about the San Marcos apartments . I have left several messages at your office to follow up . You mentioned that your plate was fairly full . Are you too busy to look at this project ? As I mentioned I would be interested in speaking to you as an advisor or at least a sounding board for the key issues . Please email or call . Phillip Allen
Ted , Andrea in the analysts pool asked me to fill out this request . Can you help expedite this process ? Phillip
We do not understand our VAR . Can you please get us all the detailed reports and component VAR reports that you can produce ? The sooner the better . Phillip
Lucy , Here is a schedule of the most recent utility bills and the overages . There are alot of overages . It will probably get worse this month because of all the cold weather . You need to be very clear with all new tenants about the electricity cap . This needs to be handwritten on all new leases . I am going to fax you copies of the bills that support this spreadsheet . We also need to write a short letter remind everyone about the cap and the need to conserve energy if they don't want to exceed their cap . I will write something today . Wait until you have copies of the bills and the letter before you start collecting . Phillip
George , Here is a spreadsheet that illustrates the payout of investment and builders profit . Check my math , but it looks like all the builders profit would be recouped in the first year of operation . At permanent financing $1.1 would be paid , leaving only . 3 to pay out in the 1st year . Since almost 80% of builders profit is repaid at the same time as the investment , I feel the 65/35 is a fair split . However , as I mentioned earlier , I think we should negotiate to layer on additional equity to you as part of the construction contract . Just to begin the brainstorming on what a construction agreement might look like here are a few ideas: 1 . Fixed construction profit of $1.4 million . Builder doesn't benefit from higher cost , rather suffers as an equity holder . 2 . +5% equity for meeting time and costs in original plan ( $51/sq ft , phase 1 complete in November ) +5% equity for under budget and ahead of schedule -5% equity for over budget and behind schedule This way if things go according to plan the final split would be 60/40 , but could be as favorable as 55/45 . I realize that what is budget and schedule must be discussed and agreed upon . Feel free to call me at home ( 713)463-8626 Phillip
Thanks for representing Matt . Phillip
Larry , Do you want the loan and wire amount to be for exactly $1.1 million . Phillip
Lucy , The apartments that have new tenants since December 15th are: Are we running an apartment complex or a motel ? Please update all lease information on the 1/12 rentroll and email it to me this afternoon . Phillip
Jim , Here are the key gas contacts . Work Home Cell Please call me with any significant developments . Phillip
Andrea , Please resend the first three resumes . Phillip
Kristin , Thank you for the California update . Please continue to include me in all further intellegence reports regarding the situation in California . Phillip
Lucy , Why did so many tenants not pay this week ? Total 975 It seems these apartments just missed rent . What is up ? Other questions: #9-Why didn't they pay anything ? By my records , they still owe $40 plus rent should have been due on 12/12 of $220 . #3-Why did they short pay ?
Larry , The wire should go out today . I am in Portland but can be reached by cell phone 713-410-4679 . Call me if there are any issues . I will place a call to my attorney to check on the loan agreement . Phillip
Jeff , Here is a recent rentroll . I understand another looker went to the property . I want to hear the feedback no matter how discouraging . I am in Portland for the rest of the week . You can reach me on my cell phone 713-410-4679 . My understanding was that you would be overnighting some closing statements for Leander on Friday . Please send them to my house ( 8855 Merlin Ct , Houston , TX 77055) . Call me if necessary . Phillip
need help .
message board
Larry , I met with a banker that is interested in financing the project . They need the following: Financial statements plus last two years tax returns . Builders resume listing similar projects The banker indicated he could pull together a proposal by Friday . If we are interested in his loan , he would want to come see the site . If you want to overnight me the documents , I will pass them along . You can send them to my home or office ( 1400 Smith , EB3210B , Houston , TX 77002) . The broker is Jim Murnan . His number is 713-781-5810 , if you want to call him and send the documents to him directly . It sounds like the attorneys are drafting the framework of the partnership agreement . I would like to nail down the outstanding business points as soon as possible . Please email or call with an update . Phillip
Lucy , Here is a rentroll for this week . I still have questions on #28,#29 , and #32 .
Lucy , #32 and #29 are fine . #28 paid weekly on 1/5 . Then he switched to biweekly . He should have paid 260 on 1/12 . Two weeks rent in advance . Instead he paid 260 on 1/19 . He either needs to get back on schedule or let him know he is paying in the middle of his two weeks . He is only paid one week in advance . This is not a big deal , but you should be clear with tenants that rent is due in advance . Here is an updated rentroll . Please use this one instead of the one I sent you this morning . Finally , can you fax me the application and lease from #9 . Phillip
Nick , There is a specific program that we are using to recruit , train , and mentor new traders on the gas and power desks . The trading track program is being coordinated by Ted Bland . I have forwarded him your resume . Give him a call and he will fill you in on the details of the program . Phillip
Patti , This sounds like an opportunity to land a couple of analyst to fill the gaps in scheduling . Remember their rotations last for one year . Do you want to be an interviewer ? Phillip
Griff , Can you accomodate Dexter as we have in the past . This has been very helpful in establishing a fair index at Socal Border . Phillip Please cc me on the email with a guest password . The sooner the better as bidweek is underway .
Dexter , You should receive a guest id shortly . Phillip
George , We should hear from the bank in Houston on Monday . The best numbers and times to reach me: work 713-853-7041 fax 713-464-2391 cell 713-410-4679 home 713-463-8626 pallen70@hotmail.com ( home ) pallen@enron.com ( work ) I am usually at work M-F 7am-5:30pm . Otherwise try me at home then on my cell . Keiths numbers are: work 713-853-7069 fax 713-464-2391 cell 713-502-9402 home 713-667-5889 Phillip
Jeff , That is good news about Leander . Now for the stage . I would like to get it sold by the end of March . I have about $225K invested in the stagecoach , it looks like I need to get around $745K to breakeven . I don't need the cash out right now so if I could get a personal guarantee and Jaques Craig can work out the partnership transfer , I would definitely be willing to carry a second lien . I understand second liens are going for 10%-12% . Checkout this spreadsheet . These numbers should get the place sold in the next fifteen minutes . However , I am very concerned about the way it is being shown . Having Lucy show it is not a good idea . I need you to meet the buyers and take some trips over to get more familar with the property . My dad doesn't have the time and I don't trust Lucy or Wade to show it correctly . I would prefer for you to show it from now on . I will have the operating statements complete through December by this Friday . Phillip
George , Keith and I are reviewing your proposal . We will send you a response by this evening . Phillip
Lucy , What is the latest ? Write me a note about what is going on and what issues you need my help to deal with when you send the rentroll . Phillip
Jeff , Before you write off the stage , a few things to think about . 1 . Operating expenses include $22,000 of materials for maintenance and repairs . Plus having a full time onsite maintenance man means no extra labor cost for repairs . There are only 44 units a lot of his time is spent on repairs . 2 . What is an outside management firm going to do ? A full time onsite manager is all that is required . As I mentioned the prior manager has interest in returning . Another alternative would be to hire a male manager that could do more make readies and lawn care . If you turn it over to a management company you could surely reduce the cost of a full time manager onsite . 3 . Considering #1 & #2 $115,000 NOI is not necessarily overstated . If you want to be ultra conservative use $100,000 at the lowest . 4 . Getting cash out is not a priority to me . So I am willing to structure this deal with minimum cash . A 10% note actually attractive . See below . My job just doesn't give me the time to manage this property . This property definitely requires some time but it has the return to justify the effort . Sales Price 705,000 Transfer fee 7,500 Cash required 14,500 Cash flow 29,014 Cash on cash 200% These numbers are using the conservative NOI , if it comes in at $115K then cash on cash return would be more like 300% . This doesn't reflect the additional profit opportunity of selling the property in the next few years for a higher price . Do you want to reconsider ? Let me know . Phillip
Testing . Sell low and buy high
Nice . how much ? Are you trying to keep the economy going ?
8500???? ? That's twice as valuable as your car ! Can't you get a used one for $3000 ?
George , The probability of building a house this year is increasing . I have shifted to a slightly different plan . There were too many design items that I could not work out in the plan we discussed previously . Now , I am leaning more towards a plan with two wings and a covered courtyard in the center . One wing would have a living/dining kitchen plus master bedroom downstairs with 3 kid bedrooms + a laundry room upstairs . The other wing would have a garage + guestroom downstairs with a game room + office/exercise room upstairs . This plan still has the same number of rooms as the other plan but with the courtyard and pool in the center this plan should promote more outdoor living . I am planning to orient the house so that the garage faces the west . The center courtyard would be covered with a metal roof with some fiberglass skylights supported by metal posts . I am envisioning the two wings to have single slope roofs that are not connected to the center building . I don't know if you can imagine the house I am trying to describe . I would like to come and visit you again this month . If it would work for you , I would like to drive up on Sunday afternoon on Feb . 18 around 2 or 3 pm . I would like to see the progress on the house we looked at and tour the one we didn't have time for . I can bring more detailed drawings of my new plan . Call or email to let me know if this would work for you . Phillip Allen PS . Channel 2 in Houston ran a story yesterday ( Feb . 2 ) about a home in Kingwood that had a poisonous strain of mold growing in the walls . You should try their website or call the station to get the full story . It would makes a good case for breathable walls .
Got your email . I will let Jacques know . I guess we can work out the finer points next week . The bank here in Houston is dealing with their auditors this week , so unfortunately I did not hear from them this week . The are promising to have some feedback by Monday . I will let you know as soon as I hear from them . Phillip
Susan hours are out of hand . We need to find a solution . Let's meet on Monday to assess the issue Phillip
I would like to go to this meeting . Can you arrange it ?
Lucy , Please fix #41 balance by deleting the $550 in the "Rent Due" column . The other questions I had about last week's rent are: #15 Only paid 95 of their 190 on 1/19 then paid nothing on 1/26 . What is going on ? #25 Looks like she was short by 35 and still owes a little on deposit #27 Switched to weekly , but paid nothing this week . Why ? I spoke to Jeff Smith . I think he was surprised that we were set up with email and MSN Messenger . He was not trying to insult you . I let Jeff know that he should try and meet the prospective buyers when they come to see the property . Occasionally , a buyer might stop buy without Jeff and you can show them around and let them know what a nice quiet well maintained place it is . Regarding the raise , $260/week plus the apartment is all I can pay right now . I increased your pay last year very quickly so you could make ends meet but I think your wages equate to $10/hr and that is fair . As Gary and Wade continue to improve the property , I need you to try and improve the property's tenants and reputation . The apartments are looking better and better , yet the turnover seems to be increasing . Remember that as a manager you need to set the example for the tenants . It is hard to tell tenants that they are not supposed to have extra people move in that are not on the lease , when the manager has a houseful of guests . I realize you have had a lot of issues with taking your son to the doctor and your daughter being a teenager , but you need to put in 40 hours and be working in the office or on the property during office unless you are running an errand for the property . I am not upset that you asked for a raise , but the answer is no at this time . We can look at again later in the year . I will talk to you later or you can email or call over the weekend . Phillip
Susan , Raised your issue to Sally Beck . Larry is going to spend time with you to see if he can live without any reports . Also some IT help should be on the way . Phillip
Jeff , I am not willing to guarantee to refinance the 1st lien on the stage in 4 years and drop the rate on both notes at that point to 8% . There are several reasons that I won't commit to this . Exposure to interest fluctuations , the large cash reserves needed , and the limited financial resources of the buyer are the three biggest concerns . What I am willing to do is lower the second note to 8% amortized over the buyers choice of terms up to 30 years . The existing note does not come due until September 2009 . That is a long time . The buyer may have sold the property . Interest rates may be lower . I am bending over backwards to make the deal work with such an attractive second note . Guaranteeing to refinance is pushing too far . Can you clarify the dates in the contract . Is the effective date the day the earnest money is receipted or is it once the feasibility study is complete ? Hopefully the buyer can live with these terms . I got your fax from the New Braunfels buyer . If we can't come to terms with the first buyer I will get started on the list . Email or call me later today . Phillip
Jeff , My target is to get $225 back out of the stage . Therefore , I could take a sales price of $740K and carry a second note of $210K . This would still only require $75K cash from the buyer . After broker fees and a title policy , I would net around $20K cash . You can go ahead and negotiate with the buyer and strike the deal at $740 or higher with the terms described in the 1st email . Do you want to give the New Braunfels buyer a quick look at the deal . Phillip
Send it to Ina Rangel she can forward it to appropriate traders . There are too many to list individually
Jacques , Can you draft the partnership agreement and the construction contract ? The key business points are: 1 . Investment is a loan with prime + 1% rate 2 . Construction contract is cost plus $1.4 Million 3 . The investors' loan is repaid before any construction profit is paid . 4 . All parties are GP's but 3 out 4 votes needed for major decisions ? 5 . 60/40 split favoring the investors . With regard to the construction contract , we are concerned about getting a solid line by line cost estimate and clearly defining what constitutes costs . Then we need a mechanism to track the actual expenses . Keith and I would like to oversee the bookkeeping . The builders would be requred to fax all invoices within 48 hours . We also would want online access to the checking account of the partnership so we could see if checks were clearing but invoices were not being submitted . Let me know if you can draft these agreements . The GP issue may need some tweaking . Phillip Allen
I will email you an updated operating statement with Nov and Dec tomorrow morning . What did the seguin doctor think of the place . How much could I get the stagecoach appraised for ? Do you still do appraisals ? Could it be valued on an 11 or 12 cap ?
Lucy , Here is the rentroll for this Friday . Sorry it is so late . There are a few problems with the rentroll from 2/2 . 1 . I know you mentioned the deposit would be 5360.65 which is what the bank is showing , but the rentroll only adds up to 4865 . The missing money on the spreadsheet is probably the answer to my other questions below . 2 . #1 Did he pay the rent he missed on 1/26 ? 3 . #3 Did he miss rent on 1/26 and 2/2 ? 7 . #15 missed on 2/2 and has not paid the 95 from 1/19 ? My guess is some of these were paid but not recorded on the 2/2 rentroll . You may have sent me a message over the "chat" line that I don't remember on some of these . I just want to get the final rentroll to tie exactly to the bank deposit . Will have some time today to work on a utility letter . Tried to call Wade last night at 5:30 but couldn't reach him . Will try again today . I believe that a doctor from Seguin is going to make an offer . Did you meet them ? If so , what did you think ? Phillip
Lucy , Here is a draft of a memo we should distribute to the units that are subject to caps . I wrote it as if it were from you . It should come from the manager . It is very important that we tell new tenants what the utility cap for there unit is when they move in . This needs to be written in on their lease . When you have to talk to a tenant complaining about the overages emphasize that it is only during the peak months and it is already warming up . Have my Dad read the memo before you put it out . You guys can make changes if you need to . Next week we need to take inventory of all air conditioners and refrigerators . We have to get this done next week . I will email you a form to use to record serial numbers . The prospective buyers want this information plus we need it for our records . Something to look forward to . It is 2 PM and I have to leave the office . Please have my Dad call me with the information about the units at home 713-463-8626 . He will know what I mean . Talk to you later , Phillip
Colleen , I checked the transport model and found the following extrinsic values on January 2nd versus February 11: If these numbers are correct , then we haven't increased the extrinsic value since the beginning of the year . Can you confirm that I am looking at the right numbers ? Phillip
Thanks for the website .
no . I am on msn messenger .
Lucy , Here is the 2/2 rentroll . The total does not equal the bank deposit . Your earlier response answered the questions for #3,11,15,20a , and 35 . But the deposit was $495 more than the rentroll adds up to . If the answer to this question lies in apartment 1,13 , and 14 , can you update this file and send it back . Now I am going to work on a rentroll for this Friday . I will probably send you some questions about the 2/9 rentroll . Let's get this stuff clean today . Phillip
Lee , My fax number is 713-646-2391 . Please fax me a loan application that I can pass on to the buyer . Phillip Allen
Lucy , Thanks for clearing up the 2/2 file . Moving on to 2/9 , here are some questions: #1 It looks like he just missed 1/26&2/9 of $110 . I can't tell if he still owes $47 on his deposit . #13 I show she missed rent on 1/26 and still owes $140 . #15 Try and follow up with Tomas about the $95 . Hopefully , he won't have a bad reaction . #20b Missed rent ? #26 Has she paid any deposit or rent ? #27 Missed rent ?
Forward Reg Dickson's resume to Ted Bland for consideration for the trading track program . He is overqualified and I'm sure too expensive to fill the scheduling position I have available . I will work with Cournie Parker to evaluate the other resumes . Phillip
Jeff , Here is the application from SPB . I guess they want to use the same form as a new loan application . I have a call in to Lee O'Donnell to try to find out if there is a shorter form . What do I need to be providing to the buyer according to the contract . I was planning on bringing a copy of the survey and a rentroll including deposits on Monday . Please let me know this morning what else I should be putting together . Phillip
Lee , Can you provide me with a copy of the original loan and a copy of the original appraisal . My fax number is 713-646-2391 Mailing address: 8855 Merlin Ct , Houston , TX 77055 Thank you , Phillip Allen
Andrew , Here is an asset statement . I will mail my 98 & 99 Tax returns plus a 2000 W2 . Is this sufficient ? Phillip Allen 713-463-8626 home
I would like to have a copy of the appraisal . See you Monday at 2 . Phillip
Jeanie , Lavorato called me into his office to question me about my inquiries into part time . Nice confidentiality . Since I have already gotten the grief , it would be nice to get some useful information . What did you find out about part time , leave of absences , and sabbaticals ? My interest is for 2002 . Phillip
George , Please send the latest cost estimates when you get a chance this morning . Phillip
After meeting with George and Larry , it was clear that we have different definitions of cost and profit . Their version includes the salary of a superintendent and a junior superintendent as hard costs equivalent to third party subs and materials . Then there is a layer of "construction management" fees of 10% . There are some small incidental cost that they listed would be paid out of this money . But I think the majority of it is profit . Finally the builders profit of 1.4 million . Keith and I were not sure whether we would be open to paying the supers out of the cost or having them be paid out of the builders profit . After all , if they are the builders why does there need to be two additional supervisors ? We were definitely not intending to insert an additional 10% fee in addition to the superintendent costs . George claims that all of these costs have been in the cost estimates that we have been using . I reviewed the estimates and the superintendents are listed but I don't think the construction management fee is included . George gave me some contracts that show how these fees are standard . I will review and let you know what I think . The GP issues don't seem to be a point of contention . They are agreeable to the 3 out 4 approval process . Let me know if you have opinions or sources that I can use to push for only true costs + 1.4 million . Phillip
yes please
That would we very helpful . Thanks , Phillip
The spinning bikes are so much better than the life cycles . Would you consider placing several spinning bikes out with the other exercise equipment and running a spinning video on the TV's . I think the equipment would be used much more . Members could just jump on a bike and follow the video any time of day . Let me know if this is possible . Phillip Allen
Tomorrow is fine . Talk to you then . Phillip
You can fax it anytime . But I saved the spreadsheets from the previous estimates . What will be different in the fax ?
George , The numbers on your fax don't agree to the first estimate that I am using . Here are the two files I used . Phillip
George , I can take a day off the week I get back from vacation . Any day between March 5th-9th would work but Friday or Thursday would be my preference . Regarding the differences in the two estimates , I don't want to waste your time explaining the differences if the 1st forecast was very rough . The items I listed moved dramatically . Also , some of the questions were just clarification of what was in a number . Let's try and reach an agreement on the construction manager issue tomorrow morning . Phillip
Lucy , Here are few questions regarding the 2/16 rentroll: #2 Has she actually paid the $150 deposit . Her move in date was 2/6 . It is not on any rentroll that I can see . #9 Explain again what deposit and rent is transferring from #41 and when she will start paying on #9 #15 Since he has been such a good tenant for so long . Stop trying to collect the $95 in question . #33 Missed rent . Are they still there ? #26 I see that she paid a deposit . But the file says she moved in on 1/30 . Has she ever paid rent ? I can't find any on the last three deposits . #44 Have the paid for February ? There is no payment since the beginning of the year . #33 You email said they paid $140 on 1/30 plus $14 in late fees , but I don't see that on the 1/26 or 2/2 deposit ? The last three questions add up to over $1200 in missing rent . I need you to figure these out immediately . I emailed you a new file for 2/23 and have attached the last three rentroll in case you need to research these questions . I will not be in the office next week . If I can get connected you might be able to email me at pallen70@hotmail.com . Otherwise try and work with Gary on pressing issues . If there is an emergency you can call me at 713-410-4679 . Phillip
Please find attached the pro formas for the project in San Marcos . Thanks again .
Don , I was out last week . Regarding the Montana supply , you can refer them to Mark Whitt in Denver . Let me know when you want to have the other meeting . Also , we frequently give out quotes to mid-marketers on Fred LaGrasta's desk or Enron marketers in New York where the customer is EES . I don't understand why your people don't contact the desk directly . Phillip
I have not received the aircard 300 yet . Phillip
John , Did you put Frank Hayden up to this ? If this decision is up to me I wouldconsider authorizing Mike G. , Frank E. , Keith H . and myself to trade westpower . What do you think ? Phillip
I was not going to do the MS this year . Thanks for the offer though . All is well here . We went to Colorado last week and the kids learned to ski . Work is same as always . How are things going at New Power ? Is there any potential ? Phillip
Daryl , Here is the file that includes the proforma , unit costs , and comps . This file was prepared by the builder/developer . The architect that has begun to work on the project is Kipp Flores . They are in Austin . Thank you for your time this evening . Your comments were very helpful . I appreciate you and Greg taking a look at this project . Phillip Allen
I faxed you the signed amendment .
I just refaxed . Please confirm receipt
Reagan , Here is the cost estimate and proforma prepared by George and Larry . I am faxing the site plan , elevation , and floor plans . Phillip
Darrell , Today I let the builder/developer know that I would not proceed with his excessively high cost estimates . As he did not have the funds to take on the land himself , he was agreeable to turning over the land to me . I would like to proceed and develop the property . My thought is to compare the financing between Bank One and FHA . I would also like to compare construction and development services between what you can do and a local builder in San Marcos that I have been speaking with . Making a trip to meet you and take a look at some of your projects seems to be in order . I am trying to get the status of engineering and architectural work to date . Once again the architect is Kipp Florres and the engineer is Quattro Consultants out of Buda . Let me know if you have an opinion about either . I look forward to working with you . Talk to you tomorrow . Phillip
Lucy , Here is a rentroll for this week . What is the outstanding balance on #1 . It looks like 190 + 110(this week)300 . I don't think we should make him pay late fees if can't communicate clearly . #2 still owe deposit ? #9 What day will she pay and is she going to pay monthly or biweekly . Have a good weekend . I will talk to you next week . In about two weeks we should know for sure if these buyers are going to buy the property . I will keep you informed . Phillip
George , I didn't receive the information on work completed or started . Please send it this morning . We haven't discussed how to proceed with the land . The easiest treatment would be just to deed it to us . However , it might be more advantageous to convey the partnership . Also , I would like to speak to Hugo today . I didn't find a Quattro Engineering in Buda . Can you put me in contact with him . Talk to you later . Phillip
Jacques , George finally sent me some information . Please look over his email . He wants us to buy him out . Keith and I think this is a joke . We still need to speak to his engineer and find out about his soil study to determine if it has any value going forward . I don't believe the architect work will be of any use to us . I don't think they deserve any compensation for their time due to the fact that intentional or not the project they were proposing was unsupportable by the market . My version of a buyout is attached . I need your expert advise . I am ready to offer my version or threaten to foreclose . Do they have a case that they are due money for their time ? Since their cost and fees didn't hold up versus the market and we didn't execute a contract , I wouldn't think they would stand a chance . There isn't any time to waste so I want to respond to their offer asap . Call me with your thoughts . Phillip
Here is the buyout spreadsheet again with a slight tweak in the format . The summary presents the numbers as only $1400 in concessions .
Gentlemen , Today I finally received some information on the status of the work done to date . I spoke to Hugo Alexandro at Cuatro Consultants . The property is still in two parcels . Hugo has completed a platt to combine into one lot and is ready to submit it to the city of San Marcos . He has also completed a topographical survey and a tree survey . In addition , he has begun to coordinate with the city on the replatting and a couple of easements on the smaller parcel , as well as , beginning the work on the grading . Hugo is going to fax me a written letter of the scope of work he has been engaged to complete . The total cost of his services are estimated at $38,000 of which $14,000 are due now for work completed . We are trying to resolve the issues of outstanding work and bills incurred by the original developer so we can obtain the title to the land . If we can continue to use Cuatro then it would be one less point of contention . Hugo's number is 512-295-8052 . I thought you might want to contact him directly and ask him some questions . I spoke to him about the possibility of your call and he was fine with that . Now we are going to try and determine if any of the work performed by Kipp Flores can be used . Keith and I appreciate you meeting with us on Sunday . We left very optimistic about the prospect of working with you on this project . Call me with feedback after you speak to Hugo or with any other ideas about moving this project forward . Phillip
Lucy , Somehow my email account lost the rentroll you sent me on Tuesday . Please resend it and I will roll it for this week this morning . Phillip
Thanks for the information . It would be helpful if you would send the detailed worksheet that you mentioned . I am surprised to hear that the only restricted shares left are the ones granted this January . I have always elected to defer any distributions of restricted stock . I believe I selected the minimum amount required to be kept in enron stock ( 50%) . Are you saying that all the previous grants have fully vested and been distributed to my deferral account ? Thank you for looking into this issue . Phillip
I also need to know the base salaries of Jay Reitmeyer and Monique Sanchez . They are doing the same job as Matt .
Lucy , Here is the rentroll . My only questions are about #18 , #25 , and #37 missed rent . Any special reasons ? It looks like there are five vacancies #2,12,20a,35,40 . If you want to run an ad in the paper with a $50 discount that is fine . I will write you a letter of recommendation . When do you need it ? You can use me as a reference . In the next two weeks we should really have a good idea whether the sale is going through . Phillip
Jacques , I think we reached an agreement with George and Larry to pick up the items of value and not pay any fees for their time . It looks as if we will be able to use everything they have done ( engineering , architecture , survey , appraisal) . One point that is unclear is they claim that the $15,000 in extensions that they paid was applied to the purchase price of the land like earnest money would be applied . I looked at the closing statements and I didn't see $15,000 applied against the purchase price . Can you help clear this up . Assuming we clear up the $15,000 , we need to get the property released . Keith and I are concerned about taking over the Bishop Corner partnership and the risk that there could be undisclosed liabilities . On the other hand , conveyance of the partnership would be a time and money saver if it was clean . What is your inclination ? Call as soon as you have a chance to review . Phillip
I realize you are disappointed about the project . It is not my desire for you to be left with out of pocket expenses . The only item from your list that I need further clarification is the $15,000 worth of extensions . You mentioned that this was applied to the cost of the land and it actually represents your cash investment in the land . I agree that you should be refunded any cash investment . My only request is that you help me locate this amount on the closing statement or on some other document . Phillip
Jacques , Still trying to close the loop on the $15,000 of extensions . Assuming that it is worked out today or tomorrow , I would like to get whatever documents need to be completed to convey the partnership done . I need to work with the engineer and architect to get things moving . I am planning on writing a personal check to the engineer while I am setting up new accounts . Let me know if there is a reason I should not do this . Thanks for all your help so far . Between your connections and expertise in structuring the loan , you saved us from getting into a bad deal . Phillip
Ina , Can you help me approve this request ? Phillip
Jacques , Here is Larry Lewter's response to my request for more documentation to support the $15,000 . As you will read below , it is no longer an issue . I think that was the last issue to resolve . Phillip
Greg , just a note to let you know I will be out of the office Wed(3/21 ) until Thurs(3/23) . The kids are on spring break . I will be in San Marcos and you can reach me on my cell phone 713-410-4679 or email pallen70@hotmail.com . I was planning on stopping by to see Hugo Elizondo on Thursday to drop off a check and give him the green light to file for replatting . What will change if we want to try and complete the project in phases . Does he need to change what he is going to submit to the city . I spoke to Gordon Kohutek this morning . He was contracted to complete the soils study . He says he will be done with his report by the end of the week . I don't know who needs this report . I told Gordon you might call to inquire about what work he performed . His number is 512-930-5832 . We spoke on the phone about most of these issues . Talk to you later . Phillip
Larry , Jacques has been working with Claudia . I will check his progress this morning and let you know . Phillip
Steve , Try bmckay@enron.com or Brad.McKay@enron.com
Jacques , The agreement looks fine . My only comment is that George and Larry might object to the language that "the bank that was requested to finance the construction of the project declined to make the loan based on the high costs of the construction of the Project" . Technically , that bank lowered the loan amount based on lower estimates of rents which altered the amount of equity that would be required . Did I loan them $1,300,000 ? I thought it was less . Regarding Exhibit A , the assets include: the land , architectural plans , engineering completed , appraisal , and soils study . Most of these items are in a state of partial completion by the consultants . I have been speaking directly to the architect , engineer , and soils engineer . I am unclear on what is the best way to proceed with these consultants . The obligations should include the fees owed to the consultants above . Do we need to list balances due or just list the work completed as an asset and give consideration of $5,875 for the cash paid to the engineer and appraisor . Phillip
keith holst sent you an email with the details .
Greg , Something that I forgot to ask you . Do you know if Hugo is planning to replatt using an administrative process which I understand is quicker than the full replatting process of 3 weeks ? Also let me know about the parking . The builder in San Marcos believed the plan only had 321 parking spots but would require 382 by code . The townhomes across the street have a serious parking problem . They probably planned for the students to park in the garages but instead they are used as extra rooms . Phillip
Reagan , Here is a photograhph of the house I have in mind . Specific features include: Stained and scored concrete floors downstairs Wood stairs Two story porches on front and rear Granite counters in kitchens and baths Tile floors in upstairs baths Metal roof w/ gutters ( No dormers ) Cherry or Maple cabinets in kitchen & baths Solid wood interior doors Windows fully trimmed Crown molding in downstairs living areas 2x6 wall on west side Undecided items include: Vinyl or Aluminum windows Wood or carpet in upstairs bedrooms and game room Exterior stucco w/ stone apron and window trim or rough white brick on 3-4 sides I have faxed you the floor plans . The dimensions may be to small to read . The overall dimensions are 55' X 40' . For a total of 4400 sq ft under roof , but only 3800 of livable space after you deduct the garage . Are there any savings in the simplicity of the design ? It is basically a box with a simple roof line . Call me if you have any questions . 713-853-7041 . Phillip
John , Mike is fine with signing a new contract ( subject to reading the terms , of course) . He prefers to set strikes over a 3 month period . His existing contract pays him a retention payment of $55,000 in the next week . He still wants to receive this payment . Phillip
Please provide a temporary id Phillip
Greg , Here are my comments and questions on the cost estimates: Cost per square foot seem too low for construction $33.30/sf ( gross)/$36/sf ( rentable ) What do the cost for On-Site General Requirements (  $299,818 ) represent ? Will you review the builders profit and fees with me again ? You mentioned 2% Why is profit only 4% ? Why are the architect fees up to $200K . I thought they would be $80K . What is the $617K of profit allowance ? Is that the developers profit to boost loan amount but not a real cost ? Total Closing and Application costs of 350K ? That seems very high ? Who receives the 2 points ? How much will be sunk costs if FHA declines us ? Where is your 1% ? Are you receiving one of the points on the loan ? What is the status on the operating pro forma ? My back of the envelope puts expenses . After debt service that would only leave $122K . The coverage would only be 1.16 . Talk to you this afternoon . Phillip
Jacques , Would it be ok if I signed new consulting agreements with the engineer and architect ? They have both sent me agreements . The only payment that George and Larry had made was $2,350 to the architect . I have written personal checks in the amounts of $25,000 to the architect and $13,950 to the engineer . I was wondering if the prior work even needs to be listed as an asset of the partnership . I would like for the agreements with these consultants to be with the partnership not with me . Should I wait until the partnership has been conveyed to sign in the name of the partnership . Let me know what you think . Phillip
Larry , Jacques has sent a document to Claudia for your review . Just dropping you a line to confirm that you have seen it . Phillip
Reagan , Thank you for the quick response on the bid for the residence . Below is a list of questions on the specs: 1 . Is the framing Lumber #2 yellow pine ? Wouldn't fir or spruce warp less and cost about the same ? 2 . What type of floor joist would be used ? 2x12 or some sort of factory joist ? 3 . What type for roof framing ? On site built rafters ? or engineered trusses ? 4 . Are you planning for insulation between floors to dampen sound ? What type of insulation in floors and ceiling ? Batts or blown ? Fiberglass or Cellulose ? 5 . Any ridge venting or other vents ( power or turbine) ? 6 . Did you bid for interior windows to have trim on 4 sides ? I didn't know the difference between an apron and a stool . 7 . Do you do anything special under the upstairs tile floors to prevent cracking ? Double plywood or hardi board underlay ? 8 . On the stairs , did you allow for a bannister ? I was thinking a partial one out of iron . Only about 5 feet . 9 . I did not label it on the plan , but I was intending for a 1/2 bath under the stairs . A pedestal sink would probably work . 10 . Are undermount sinks different than drop ins ? I was thinking undermount stainless in kitchen and undermount cast iron in baths . 11 . 1 or 2 A/C units ? I am assuming 2 . 12 . Prewired for sound indoors and outdoors ? 13 . No door and drawer pulls on any cabinets or just bath cabinets ? 14 . Exterior porches included in bid ? Cedar decking on upstairs ? Iron railings ? 15 . What type of construction contract would you use ? Fixed price except for change orders ? I want to get painfully detailed with the specs before I make a decision but this is a start . I think I am ready to get plans drawn up . I am going to call Cary Kipp to see about setting up a design meeting to see if I like his ideas . Phillip I
no problem
Cary , Here is the picture of the house I have in mind . I was going for a simple farmhouse style to place on 5 acres near Wimberley . A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are: There will be a double porch across the back just like the front No dormers ( Metal roof ) 1/2 bath under stairs Overall dimensions are 55 by 40 What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen . More cabinets , maybe a different shaped island , and a way to enlarge the pantry . Reagan suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive . I want to keep a simple roof line to avoid leaks , but I was thinking about bringing the left side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front . That might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco . Also the front porch would be smaller . I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000 . I am ready to go ahead and have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a builder . I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work . As I mentioned my alternative is $0.60/ft . I thought that since I had a such a detailed sketch , you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan allowed . Phillip Allen
Reagan , I am still reviewing the numbers but here are some initial thoughts . Are you proposing a cost plus contract with no cap ? What role would you play in obtaining financing ? Any experience with FHA 221(d ) loans ? Although your fees are lower than George and Larry I am still getting market quotes lower yet . I have received estimates structured as follows: 5% - onsite expenses , supervision , clean up , equipment 2%- overhead 4%- profit I just wanted to give you this initial feedback . I have also attached an extremely primitive spreadsheet to outline the project . As you can see even reducing the builders fees to the numbers above the project would only generate $219,194 of cash flow for a return of 21% . I am not thrilled about such a low return . I think I need to find a way to get the total cost down to $10,500,000 which would boost the return to 31% . Any ideas ? I realize that you are offering significant development experience plus you local connections . I am not discounting those services . I will be out of the office for the rest of the week , but I will call you early next week . Phillip
Jacques I am out of the office for the rest of the week . Have you ever seen anyone miss as much work as I have in the last 6 weeks ? I assure you this is unusual for me . Hopefully we can sign some documents on Monday . Call me on my cell phone if you need me . Phillip
My location is eb3210C
Jacques , The assets and liabilities that we are willing to assume are listed below: Assets: Land Preliminary Architecture Design-Kipp Flores Architects Preliminary Engineering-Cuatro Consultants , Ltd . Soils Study-Kohutek Engineering & Testing , Inc . Appraisal-Atrium Real Estate Services Liabilities: Note to Phillip Allen Outstanding Invoices to Kipp Flores , Cuatro , and Kohutek Additional Consideration or Concessions Forgive interest due Reimburse $3,500 for appraisal and $2,375 for partial payment to engineer Let me know if you need more detail . Phillip
Do you have a distribution list to send this to all the traders . Phillip
Thanks for the response . I think you are right that engaging an architect is the next logical step . I had already contacted Cary Kipp and sent him the floor plan . He got back to me yesterday with his first draft . He took my plan and improved it . I am going to officially engage Cary to draw the plans . While he works on those I wanted to try and work out a detailed specification list . Also , I would like to visit a couple of homes that you have built and speak to 1 or 2 satisfied home owners . I will be in San Marcos on Friday April 13th . Are there any homes near completion that I could walk through that day ? Also can you provide some references ? Once I have the plans and specs , I will send them to you so you can adjust your bid . Phillip
John , Regarding the employment agreement , Mike declined without a counter . Keith said he would sign for $75K cash/$250 equity . I still believe Frank should receive the same signing incentives as Keith . Phillip
Jacques , The amounts needed to fill in the blanks on Exhibit "B" are as follows: Kipp Flores-Total Contract was $23,600 but $2,375 was paid and only $21,225 is outstanding . George & Larry paid $3,500 for the appraisal and I agreed to reimburse this amount . The total cash that Keith and I will pay the Sellers is $5,875 ( $3,500 appraisal and $2,375 engineering) . I couldn't find any reference to this cash consideration to be paid by the buyers . Let me know if I need to do anything else before you can forward this to the sellers to be executed . Phillip
Reagan , I sent you an email last week stating that I would be in San Marcos on Friday , April 13th . However , my closing has been postponed . As I mentioned I am going to have Cary Kipp draw the plans for the residence and I will get back in touch with you once he is finished . Regarding the multifamily project , I am going to work with a project manager from San Antonio . For my first development project , I feel more comfortable with their experience obtaining FHA financing . We are working with Kipp Flores to finalize the floor plans and begin construction drawings . Your bid for the construction is competive with other construction estimates . I am still attracted to your firm as the possible builder due to your strong local relationships . I will get back in touch with you once we have made the final determination on unit mix and site plan . Phillip Allen
Jed , Thanks for the response . Phillip Allen
Thanks for your help .
Lucy , Here is the rentroll from last friday . The closing was to be this Thursday but it has been delayed until Friday April 20th . If you can stay on until April 20th that would be helpful . If you have made other commitments I understand . Gary is planning to put an A/C in #35 . You can give out my work numer ( 713 ) 853-7041 Phillip
Bruce , Thank you for your bid . I have decided on a floor plan . I am going to have an architect in Austin draw the plans and help me work up a detailed specification list . I will send you that detailed plan and spec list when complete for a final bid . Probably in early to mid June . Phillip
Lucy , The spreadsheet looks fine to me . Phillip
Larry , It sounds like Claudia and Jacques are almost finished with the documents . There is one item of which I was unsure . Was an environmental report prepared before the original purchase ? If yes , shouldn't it be listed as an asset of the partnership and your costs be recovered ? Phillip
I will try and get my dad to take the appraiser into a couple of units . Let me know the day and time . Phillip
Here is a simplistic spreadsheet . I didn't drop in the new generation yet , but even without the new plants it looks like Q3 is no worse than last year . Can you take a look and get back to me with the bullish case ? thanks , Phillip
I will email you with the insurance info tomorrow .
The insurance company is: Central Insurance Agency , Inc Policy #CBI420478 Contact: Jeanette Peterson The actual policy is signed by Vista Insurance Partners . Please try and schedule the appraiser for sometime after 1 p.m . so my Dad can walk him around . I will be out of town on Tuesday . What else do we need to get done before closing ? Phillip
How am I to send them the money for the silent second ? Regular mail , overnight , wire transfer ? I don't see how their bank will make the funds available by Friday unless I wire the money . If that is what I need to do please send wiring instructions .
Ina , Can you please forward the presentation to Mog . Phillip
Jeff , I am in the office today . Any isssues to deal with for the stagecoach ? Phillip
The topic will the the western natural gas market . I may have overhead slides . I will bring handouts .
Chad , Call Ted Bland about the trading track program . All the desks are trying to use this program to train analysts to be traders . Your experience should help you in the process and make the risk rotation unnecessary . Unless you are dying to do another rotation is risk . Phillip
Ina , Can you please forward the presentation to Mog . Phillip
I still use this service
I still use this service
Johnnie , Thank you for meeting with me on Friday . I left feeling very optimistic about the panel system . I would like to find a way to incorporate the panels into the home design I showed you . In order to make it feasible within my budget I am sure it will take several iterations . The prospect of purchasing the panels and having your framers install them may have to be considered . However , my first choice would be for you to be the general contractor . I realize you receive a number of calls just seeking information about this product with very little probability of a sale . I just want to assure you that I am going to build this house in the fall and I would seriously consider using the panel system if it truly was only a slight increase in cost over stick built . Please email your cost estimates when complete . Thank you , Phillip Allen
I think Chad deserves an interview .
Andrea , After reviewing Bryan Hull's resume , I think he would be best suited for the trading track program . Please forward his resume to Karen Buckley . Phillip
I think Chad deserves an interview .
Have him send his resume to Karen Buckley in HR . There is a new round of trading track interviews in May .
Send his resume to Karen Buckley . I believe there will be a full round of interviews for the trading track in May .
Frank , The implied risk created by the san juan and rockies indeces being partially set after today is the same as the risk in a long futures position . Whatever the risk was prior should not matter . Since the rest of the books are very short price this should be a large offset . If the VAR calculation does not match the company's true risk then it needs to be revised or adjusted . Phillip
it works . thank you
Griff , It is bidweek again . I need to provide view only ID's to the two major publications that post the monthly indeces . Please email an id and password to the following: Dexter Steis at Natural Gas Intelligence- dexter@intelligencepress.com Liane Kucher at Inside Ferc- lkuch@mh.com Bidweek is under way so it is critical that these id's are sent out asap . Thanks for your help , Phillip Allen
I just spoke to the insurance company . They are going to cancel and prorate my policy and work with the Kuo's to issue a new policy .
it works . thank you
Are there behind closed doors discussions being held prior to the meeting ? Is there the potential for a surprise announcement of some sort of fixed price gas or power cap once the open meeting finally happens ?
Gary , Here is a photograph of a similar house . The dimensions would be 56'Wide X 41' Deep for the living area . In addition there will be a 6' deep two story porch across the entire back and 30' across the front . A modification to the front will be the addition of a gable across 25' on the left side . The living area will be brought forward under this gable to be flush with the front porch . I don't have my floor plan with me at work today , but will bring in tomorrow and fax you a copy . Phillip Allen
Ned , Regarding the Waha storage , the west desk does not have a strong need for this storage but we are always willing to show a bid based on the current summer/winter spreads and cycling value . The following assumptions were made to establish our bid: 5% daily injection capacity , 10% daily withdrawal capacity , 1% fuel ( injection only) , 0.01/MMBtu variable injection and withdrawal fees . Also an undiscounted June 01 to January 02 spread of $0.60 existed at the time of this bid . Bid for a 1 year storage contract beginning June 01 based on above assumptions: $0.05/ MMBtu/Month ( $0.60/Year) . Demand charges only . I am not sure if this is exactly what you need or not . Please call or email with comments . Phillip Allen
I would look at properties in San Antonio or Dallas .
Ray , Is there any detail on the gas cost proxy . Which delivery points from which publication will be used ? Basically , can you help us get any clarification on the language "the average daily cost of gas for all delivery points in California" ? Phillip
Gary , I have also been speaking to Johnnie Brown in San Antonio to be the general contractor . According to Johnnie , I would not be pay any less buying from the factory versus purchasing the panels through him since my site is within his region . Assuming this is true , I will work directly with him . I believe he has sent you my plans . They were prepared by Kipp Flores architects . Can you confirm that the price is the same direct from the factory or from the distributor ? If you have the estimates worked up for Johnnie will you please email them to me as well ? Thank you for your time . I am excited about potentially using your product . Phillip Allen
I would look at properties in San Antonio or Dallas .
Send to Karen Buckley . Trading track interview to be conducted in May .
Tim , Can you authorize access to the west power site for Keith Holtz . He is our Southern California basis trader and is under a two year contract . On another note , is it my imagination or did the SARR website lower its forecast for McNary discharge during May . It seems like the flows have been lowered into the 130 range and there are fewer days near 170 . Also the second half of April doesn't seem to have panned out as I expected . The outflows stayed at 100-110 at McNary . Can you email or call with some additional insight ? Thank you , Phillip
Send to Karen Buckley . Trading track interview to be conducted in May .
Alan , You should have received updated numbers from Keith Holst . Call me if you did not receive them . Phillip
Jim , Is there going to be a conference call or some type of weekly meeting about all the regulatory issues facing California this week ? Can you make sure the gas desk is included . Phillip
Reagan , Just wanted to give you an update . I have changed the unit mix to include some 1 bedrooms and reduced the number of buildings to 12 . Kipp Flores is working on the construction drawings . At the same time I am pursuing FHA financing . Once the construction drawings are complete I will send them to you for a revised bid . Your original bid was competitive and I am still attracted to your firm because of your strong local presence and contacts . Phillip
Traveling to have a business meeting takes the fun out of the trip . Especially if you have to prepare a presentation . I would suggest holding the business plan meetings here then take a trip without any formal business meetings . I would even try and get some honest opinions on whether a trip is even desired or necessary . As far as the business meetings , I think it would be more productive to try and stimulate discussions across the different groups about what is working and what is not . Too often the presenter speaks and the others are quiet just waiting for their turn . The meetings might be better if held in a round table discussion format . My suggestion for where to go is Austin . Play golf and rent a ski boat and jet ski's . Flying somewhere takes too much time .
Tim , mike grigsby is having problems with accessing the west power site . Can you please make sure he has an active password . Thank you , Phillip
Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call each week . Tara from the fundamental group was recording these calls when they happened every day . Phillip
The west desk would like 2 analysts .
The west desk would like 2 analysts .
Jeff , Jacques Craig will draw up a release . What is the status on the quote from Wade ? Phillip
Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline . I am expecting to pay something in the $3,000 to $5,000 range . I would like to see the quotes and a description of the work to be done . It is my understanding that some rock will be removed and replaced with siding . If they are getting quotes to put up new rock then we will need to clarify . Jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount on the release . If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities . Hopefully things will go smoothly . Phillip
Here is our forecast
Here is our forecast
thanks for the update . This is very useful .
Jeff , I received the fax from Velasquez Masonry for $11,000 . He is proposing to do work on nine buildings . From the memo from the city it sounds like 33,34,35 , and 42 are the units that are at risk for collapse . I don't want to pay for any discretionary work . Also , I am still waiting for a quote from another mason . I am willing to offer $5,000 toward the repair and removal of rock in return for the release prepared by Jacques . With regard to the utilities I want to have them transferred on Monday the 21st . That will be one month that the utilities have been in my name . It needs to be clear that I will net that month's electric and water against the $5,000 for the rock . If she is willing to take the money for repairs we should be able to wrap things up immediately . If not we will have to continue negotiations , but the utilities still need to be transferred . Phillip
Tim , Thanks for the update .
That is fine
Jim , I read through the data request . We cannot provide several of the items that they requested . We do not break out our california deals into separate transport and commodity components . Also the majortiy of our buys and sells net out without exchanging actual transport contract numbers . I know in the past Becky C . has worked with our back office to pull the data directly from the system . Let me know if I need to do anything to assist gathering the data . I would like to review the final product before it is submitted . Phillip
Kristin , Have you seen any studies associated with the opinions that the $12B is not enough . I would like to see some calculations that multiply the net short by the power cost and compare that to the amounts collected through rates . Phillip
Adrianne , Last night I spoke to two potential candidates for the trading track , Emil Carlsson and Thomas Considine . Emil is currently tutoring at Hofstra after leaving an option trading position . I would recommend bringing Emil to Houston for further interviews based on his technical knowledge . The biggest drawback was his current situation might show a lack of motivation . Thomas was working as an equity market maker . He is interested in making a change to a job where he can develop more expertise . He is seeking to develop a better understanding of the market he trades . The trading track would be an excellent match for his desires . I would also recommend bringing Thomas to Houston for further consideration . Phillip
John , Managing VAR limits is essential and P&L Penalties are a great way to achieve this . However , we need to find a way to impliment this method while minimizing negative side effects such as: ( 1 ) discouraging aggressive trading; and ( 2 ) significant morale reductions caused by penalties which do not fit the crime . I still disagree with the $1 Million fine for such a minor violation of our VAR limit . The punishment does not fit the crime . What message are you trying to send ? The message being received is that we should trade less aggressively and leave several million dollars of headroom at all times . Also locations such as Socal , Malin and PG&E should be avoided due to limited liquidity and potential volatility spikes . I know these are not your intended messages . I realize you have given the west desk significant leeway in the last few months regarding VAR . We have been making excellent progress towards VAR reduction in an environment in which the VAR calculation and tolerance are constantly changing . My suggestion for implementing a VAR control system that provides for penalties but gives traders room to probe for maximum VAR utilization is a warning for minor breaches ( <$500,000 ) and penalties for violation of two or more consecutive days or initial violations greater than $500,000 . The amount of the penalties should be documented in advance and should increase with the amount of the violation . Please consider these suggestions . We want to play by the rules , but the rules need to be fair and known in advance . Also , we are willing to accept these policy revisions retroactively and forget about the $1 million from this morning . Phillip
Sue , Tim Belden forwarded this message to me . Can you please add Mike Grigsby , Keith Holst , Frank Ermis , and myself to your email distribution list . We are all holding significant gas positions in California and are greatly affected by any gas or power developments withing the state . With regard to Socal's comments , do you have any additional information ? This is quite a 180 from the presentations that Socal has been giving to the CPUC and at other forums . Until now they have been consistently stating that they will have plenty of gas . Phillip
Please remove from email . Phillip Allen
Jeff , The release that Jacques prepared provides for the payback of any utilities that I have been paying since 4/20 . You might mention to them that we need to get the utilities settled up before we pay the $11,000 . It might be a good idea to go ahead and have the utilities transferred so we can get the final amount since 4/20 . Also May 20th was supposed to be the 1st payment on the two notes . But I have not received payment on either . Let's try and wrap this up this week . Phillip
Is AMF willing to put up the additional earnest money and acknowledge June 29th as the day they were supposed to close or do they believe they are honoring the contract by closing on July 18th ? Of course , I would prefer to close as soon as possible . I received the fax from the stagecoach . I am willing to pay any small expenses like the phone bill incurred prior to April 20th . What is the status of the release and the utility transfer ? Phillip
Do you want to send someone to this ?
Tim , I know you looked into this before but we are still having issues with Mike Grigsby's access to the west power site . He can view some parts of the website but cannot view the heatrate information under the testing tab . Does he have some sort of reduced access ? Our IT ( Collin ) looked at Mike's access but claimed that it must be on the Portland end . Sorry to bother you with this again , but can you help ? Phillip
Stephanie , I need to be able to trade US Gas Spreads . Specifically the new west region products spreading malin and pg&e vs . socal . Please make this change and call me back this morning . Thank you , Phillip
please send me their resumes
Karen , Can you tell me when Matt Smith and Jason Wolfe are scheduled to move to new rotations ? Also what are their next assignments . I would like to move Matt Smith into an assistant trading rotation and have Jason move in to Matt's current rotation in the fundamentals group . Phillip
Greg , I typed up this resume from scratch in 10 minutes . Will it do ? If you work for the same company for 8 years your resume tends to get dusty . Let me know if I need to beef it up or if I need to include any financial information . I wanted you to review it before I sent it to Montez . If it is ok please forward to Montez .
Jeanie , Please change Janie Tholt's ranking to a 3 .
Jeff , I don't understand what you want me to do with this letter . Regarding the utilities , you and I know that I have had the right to shut off the utilities to a property I don't own for sometime now . I did not do that because I wanted to stay on good terms with the Kuo's while negotiating the release . I had the utilities taken out of my name yesterday . The city of seguin informs me that the meters were read yesterday and the final bill will be mailed to me next week . Then I can compute the amount that the Kuo's owe me for utilities and send them a check for the rock repairs . Please let Pauline know that she needs to go down to the city and take care of the deposit by Friday or the power may be disconnected . The utilities are already in her name . In my mind the utilities were never a bargaining chip . Rather , you and I are paying the $11,000 in exchange for the release . Regarding the transfer of ownership into a limited partnership , I will most likely be agreeable to this but I want to review all the loan documents with Jacques and ensure that there is still a personal guarantee on the two notes . I expect to have that done by Friday . I would like for her to sign the release today , but if she won't sign until I consent to the limited partnership then the release will have to wait until Friday . As far as the utilities go , I made the transfer for two reasons: 1 ) I need to know the amount that I have paid to net against the $11,000 and 2 ) I had the right to take the utilities out of my name and I didn't want the balance to get out of hand . I will call you when I am comfortable consenting to the limited partnership . Phillip
Faith , Two changes need to be made to the list . First , Jason Wolfe is a trading track analyst on the west desk . Second , Matt Lenhart should be an Associate as his duties and responsibilities are identical to Monique S , Jay R. , and Randy G . I don't know if this change can be made administatively or if I need to bring this up during PRC . Please let me know . Phillip
Jeff , Here is a short letter that indicates I will give consent contingent to the items we discussed . I didn't make any reference to why I took the utilities out of my name . I left that for you to explain to her that we need to have a cutoff date so we can calculate the final amount . I hope you can make her understand that I have not been obligated to keep these in my name for some time . Since my attorney is out of town until Monday and I doubt that she has all the documents in place to actually place the property in a limited partnership ( certainly not the 1st lienholders consent ) we will have to work together next week . If you want to modify this letter let me know . I am also faxing you a sign copy . Phillip
Thanks for the update on the foundation design . The clubhouse floorplan looks good .
Carlos , Can you help me with several 1031 exchange questions ? I spoke to your office and they thought it best that I address my questions to you directly . Here is my situation . I purchased a 32 acre tract in Leander about 8 months ago . I have a contract to sell the property which should close around July 18th . I expect to realize a gain of around $400,000 . See calculations below: Sales price: 2,100,000 Purchase price 1,200,000 Profit 400,000 The cash generated at the sale will be close to $1 million after repayment of a loan . I am interested in protecting this gain through a 1031 exchange . I am already involved in a couple of other real estate transactions that might qualify . First , there is a 10 acre tract that was purchased by Bishops Corner , Ltd for $1.15 million six months ago . I lent the partnership the cash to buy the land with the intent of working with the developer to build a multifamily project . We could not come to terms for the development , so the partnership was conveyed to me . The loan still exist . I am an 80% limited partner . Another investor is the other limited partner . We have set up a Corporation to be the general partner . We intend to develop the property . Is there a creative way to use the land purchase in a 1031 exchange ? Second , I have a small tract in New Braunfels under contract for $400,000 . I am applying for FHA financing for a 180 unit apartment complex and hope to receive an invitation letter prior to closing . I would need to place this property in a limited partnership eventually , but is there a way to buy the property hold it in my name long enough to satisfy the IRS then move it to a LP . If neither of these deals qualify , I would still like to find another piece of property . My two biggest concerns are tying up too much cash and holding property in my own name . Is there a way to insure during the 1st year then move a different entity ? Thank you in advance for your help . Phillip Allen 8855 Merlin Ct
Jen , Can you send copies of all the california power contracts to me ? Thank you , Phillip
Jeff , I understand you spoke to Jacques Craig about the consent and assignment documents . Maybe the attorneys can work this out faster than we have . I spoke to the city this morning and the final bills are to be mailed out today . So I should have an amount on Wednesday . I will email and fax the amount and the supporting bills as soon as possible . Maybe we can close out the release this week and consent to the assignment pending 1st lien holder approval . I have a favor to ask you . I received the check from Pauline that was due May 20th . However , I have misplaced it . Can you ask her to put a stop on her 1st check and send me another ( net of any costs for the stop payment) . If you would prefer for me to call her myself , I will . It seems that communicating through you is working well . Thanks for all your help . Phillip
I will send checks directly to the vendor for any bills pre 4/20 . I will fax you copies . I will also try and get the payphone transferred .
John , Two items: 1 . I spoke to John McKay about Sumas . His views seem well thought out . He is short the summer due to the prospect of another 200,000+/day of supply coming back by July 1st . See attached spreadsheet . In order to displace Aeco gas coming down to Kingsgate his target for Sumas value is AECO -0.10 . But since his forecast for Aeco is that they will have 30 BCF left in storage at the end of March and current cash is trading down 0.70 or wider versus a rest of summer curve around down 0.50 , he is expecting the AECO curve to widen to down 0.85 . Therefore , his ultimate target for Sumas is down 0.95 versus the current market of down 0.40 His winter Sumas shorts are based on his analysis of total supply capacity versus peak demand . See attached spreadsheet . Sumas still commands the premium of an isolated market during the winter but the supply numbers don't support that premium . In conclusion , I think I will sell some more summer sumas for my book . 2 . I will stay after the meeting to talk about Mike G's issues .
Is there any chance that the request to gather data on financial trades is implemented ? Our understanding was that the commission had no jurisdiction over financial markets .
Is the problem that the energy DWR purchased is above market and not needed by CORE or just above market . If the energy is needed by CORE wouldn't the deals just be blended in as costs like utility gen and QF supply ? If the energy is not needed now could the state sell back the excess then compute the exact loss and put a surcharge on rates for all or some customers that recoup that amount over time . Once again there would be a CTC type recovery period but there would not be the risk that the market price must stay below a fixed price for the stranded costs to be recovered . Phillip
David , This note is to give you my feedback on Jeanie Slone . She has been extremely helpful with all personnel issues during the last six months . Without exception she has satisfied any request I have made of her . She has done an excellent job dealing with performance reviews ( both good and bad) , salary , and title issues . Phillip
the hr needs of the gas trading floor
Please keep me on your list .
Jeff , Here is the recap of the utilities I have paid since closing . I am going to send the original utility bills to the Kuo's .
I have attached a summary of the utilities I paid since the 4/20 closing . The total is $7,328.87 . Do you need to incorporate this number is the release or can I just net this amount against the $11,000 and pay them the difference . Do they have an executable copy of the release ? I would like to settle up on the repairs , utilities , and the release now . I don't want these issues to get bogged down with the 1st lienholders approval of any assignments . Phillip
Becky , How about Wednesday morning at 10:30 am ? Phillip
Would we have interest in any storage capacity in the proposed facility ?
Improving the PRC process . Customizing it more for the trading group . Figure out some creative ways to compare trading performance . Add profitability and consistency other other trading measures . Also incorporate a system of handicapping performance of traders in different markets .
Ina , Can you get a conference room on 32 for this meeting on Wednesday and let Becky Cantrell know . thank you
Jacques , Have you received the assignment letter from Marcus Kolb . This letter makes it sound like the assumption is just between the Kuo's and Success Real Estate . Don't they need something signed from Southern Pacific Bank ? I certainly don't plan on signing any assignment documents before the release is signed and settled . Has their attorney contacted you with any revisions ? Is the ball in their court ? Phillip
Greg , I noticed in the san macos record that some zoning changes were underway . First , I wanted to make sure our property would not be affected . Second , part of the land that is being rezoned is targeted for "seniors" . I would like to explore the possibility of developing a seniors project (  not assisted living) . Maybe we could look at the property mentioned below . As I have mentioned , my goal is to invest around $2 million in real estate over the next two years . At the current rate that amount would cover the equity requirements for 4 projects assuming I continued to have minority interest partner like Keith . Here is the article: Sector 2 plan geets boost from council By MURLIN EVANS - Staff Reporter Home and landowners in northwestern San Marcos will soon have a revised future land use plan to consult for development in the area . The San Marcos City Council on first reading unanimously approved changes to its Sector Two Land Use Plan -- changes over a year in the making and covering a 1.26 square mile area -- intended to encourage development that is both acceptable and appropriate for the region . Significant to the revisions are those affecting a controversial tract owned by resident Jack Weatherford at the corner of Ranch Road 12 and the newly named Craddock Avenue ( Bishop Street) . Weatherford filed suit against the city earlier this year as a result of various city commissions declining to approve re-zoning plans the landowner says were in synch with land uses deemed acceptable in the current Sector Two plan . Proposed changes to Weatherford's 54 acre tract -- which have no direct effect on existing zoning -- deletes the 10 acres of high density residential allowed in the current plan and adds instead two additional acres of commercial , one additional acre of medium density residential , and seven additional acres of low density residential . In addition , the total eight acres of the Weatherford tract proposed for medium density residential is suggested limited to town home , single-family , or multi-family senior housing development in the revised future land use plan . The total 10 acres of commercial allowed on the property is proposed limited to "community commercial" -- a yet to be established zoning district -- loosely defined as to ensure more compatibility with existing residential neighborhoods complete with buffering and landscaping . A 50 foot greenbelt buffer is also proposed to separate the commercial areas from residential ones in the revised plan . However , a curb cut envisioned to access this property from RR 12 drew some concern from council members over the potential traffic hazards it may pose on the busy state highway . Proposed are two curb cuts , one accessing the proposed Weatherford commercial area from RR 12 and one from Craddock Avenue . While the state highway department and city would have input into the plans for where the eventual curb cut would go , city planning director Ron Patterson said the allowance of the two curb cuts was a compromise between the wishes of area landowners and Weatherford . Council member Jane Hughson supported the idea of removing the RR 12 curb cut allowance from the Sector Plan , but evaluating a developer's plans for possibly locating one in the area as development proceeds . "I'd rather say "no' and if someone comes us with a really good idea , look at it then," Hughson said . Councilman Ed Mihalkanin expressed similar safety concerns over the final placement of the curb cut . "It seems to me we're asking for a bunch of accidents to happen there," Mihalkanin said . A motion by Hughson to amend the plan to exclude curb cuts from RR 12 into the property failed on a 3-3 tie vote with San Marcos Mayor David Chiu and council members Joe Cox and Paul Mayhew voting against the move . Council member Martha Castex Tatum was not present at the meeting . Curb cuts or not , the Sector Two Plan earned support from several residents and neighborhood representatives , who said the plan was a good compromise . Oak Heights resident John McBride , who has been an active critic and participant in the Sector Two revision process , especially concerning the Weatherford tract , said the revised plan better served the interests of the city as a whole . "This is not a victory for one side or the other," said McBride , alluding to a fallout between neighborhood groups opposed to Weatherford's initial plans for his property , "but a victory for the City of San Marcos . We started out with all R-1...we've come a long way."
Kay , I sent a copy of an article discussing oil and gas stocks . The main idea was that everyone is selling so it is probably a good time to be buying . I had lost your email so I sent it to Gary and asked him to forward it to you . I guess he is technology challenged . The article was just one analyst's opinion . He can find dozens of articles just like it online . It was not important . On a different note , Kelsey is at T Bar M camp this week . Heather is very anxious about this . The only info we get is through the camp's website . Each day they post candid pictures from the prior day . We scan through to try and spot Kelsey . So far we have found her in one picture each day . It is kind of fun trying to find her . If you want to give it a try , go to their website at www.tbarmcamps.org/index.shtml .  Click on sports camp parent connection . There are a few paragraphs about each day and a spot to click for the pictures from that day . See if you can find her . Pat and Gary's house looks like it is taking shape fast . The Meckels seem to do good work . I might have to reconsider using them for our house . We should be in town Friday . We have to be at the camp at 8:30 on Saturday . See you soon . Keith
Jacques , Glad to hear their attorney contacted you . I agree that we will not consent to the assignment unless the release and utility issue are resolved , but I would prefer to get the utility and release resolved without waiting for the 1st lienholder to consent . Can we wrap up those issues and sign some sort of agreement to consent subject to Southern Pacific Bank's consent . Phillip
Matt , Make sure this is included in your long term forecast .
Barry , Mike and I are going to meet with John L . at 2:30 to officially work out the details of Mike's succession as desk head . We will probably announce to the group by the end of the week . Phillip
Michael , I finally got in touch with the department that handles stock options . Unfortunately , they are committed to Paine Webber for the foreseeable future . The two primary reasons they gave for not wanting to explore a new relationship were an exclusive contract with Paine Webber and the reporting and tax interfaces that are already in place . They are less concerned with the services that Paine Webber doesn't offer the employees such as lending against vested options . It was worth a try . Phillip
Please add the following names to the mailing list: Mike Grigsby , Frank Ermis , Keith Holst , Matt Smith , Janie Tholt
Mike , I sent Leslie a note to include you and others on the desk on the distribution list .
Please approve Ina Rangel for a corporate American Express . Phillip Allen
Richard , I hope your party was a success . Sorry I could not attend . Stay in touch . Phillip
Ina , I will be on vacation July 31 - August 3 . Please mark the calendar . Phillip
Jay , Can you set up one more simulated account with access to all products for the west desk . Thank you , Phillip Allen
Jay , My message was confusing . I needed one more id that has access to all products . It is for the use of someone on the West Desk . I do not need an ID that can only trade the West region . If possible , please modify simtrader7 . Thank you , Phillip
Bill , Have not received the forms yet . I will confirm receipt . Phillip
Jeff , Are the books and VAR set up for simulated trading ? We began doing trades on the user id's set up by jay webb . Phillip
Jay , Final request and I will leave you alone . Need one more gas only id . Phillip
Hunter , Here is Portland's weekly fundamental presentation . It might give you some good ideas . How was ECON 5100 ? Phillip
Bill , Here is the information outstanding from our conversation yesterday: 1 . Assessed value for the Leander land - $632,000 2 . Mortgage on residence - Cendant Mortgage , Loan # 2328912 4 . I will fax you statements from various accounts Let me know what else I can do to be ready to turn around the invitation letter . I am pulling together all the organizational documents for the partnership . Phillip
Jacques , Here is the payoff info for the unsecured note: Assuming the note is paid before the 7/20 payment is due: $36,523 + $7/day accrued interest since 6/20 . For example , if paid on 7/18 the balance would be $36,719 . If the Kuo's make the payment due on 7/20 , then the payoff amount would be $36,304 + $7/day accrued interest after 7/20 . The amortization schedule is attached . Phillip
Greg , I have been working with Bill Montez . I furnished a personal financial statement , EIN number , and we worked through a variety of forms . I am pulling together the partnership agreement and other organizational documents . Let me know what else I need to do . I received the final geotech report yesterday . Let me know what this means . It did not look good to me . Crazy amounts of fill and still nowhere near a PVR of 1" . Bobincheck got me all fired up about HUD being out of money yesterday . Darrell calmed me down somewhat , but should we go ahead and submit a package to Bank One just in case ? Still need to look at the numbers once again . Email when ready . Talk to you soon . Phillip
I did not receive the 2nd quarter trend report by email . My email address is pallen70@hotmail.com . In the future , I would prefer a hard copy and the ability to download from the website . Thank you , Phillip Allen
The account numbers you needed are below: 1 . 1st Community Credit Union- 1109870
Jeanie , Here is a letter about why Frank should be promoted .
Greg here are my questions regarding the cedar park deal .
10:30 ( Dow Jones ) The key to analyzing media stocks is....automobiles ? Yes , it's true , suggest SG Cowen media analysts Ed Hatch , Peter Mirsky and Eric Handler , in this week's Media Money Manager . Automobile advertising is the largest category in domestic consumer media spending and accounts for about 17% , or $15 billion , the stock studiers say , using data from Competitive Media Reporting . By early fall , the analysts expect the car companies "to ramp spending back up to support new model introductions and to regain market share from the imports." Such an event , says the SG Cowen crew , could mark a significant catalyst for companies that depend heavily on TV advertising , like AOL Time Warner ( AOL) , Viacom ( VIA , VIAB) , News Corp . ( NWS) , and Disney ( DIS) . (  BS )
Jacques , Keith and I were able to resolve our concerns about having the GP as a corporation . Several CPA's assured us that the tax treatment fears we had were not a significant risk . Therefore , we are ready to finalize the agreements . What is the next step ? Do we just execute the copies we have ? I haven't heard anything else on the stagecoach from Kevin Kolb . I keep leaving messages . Phillip
Ina , Please mark me down for vacation on August 1 through August 3 . Phillip
Mike , Here is my first pass at midyear reviews . Let me know if you want me to draft something for Monique . I will make sure that Matt Smith and Jason Wolfe are reviewed appropriately . That just leaves Susan . Phillip
Call Barry Tycholiz
Griff , Can you please accommodate this request ? Phillip
Dexter , Hopefully Griff Gray has sent you the information on your id and password by now . It should be good through January . Please email or call if any problems . Phillip
Janie , Do you want to work with regulatory to make sure we can comply ?
Tim , Is something wrong with the database ? It appears that the iso load , hour ahead intertie data , and the northwest hydro info has not been updated since 7/25 . Is this just a problem on our end ? Let me know when you get a chance . Thanks , Phillip
I am glad we finally heard from Kevin Kolb . I would like to close the book on the stagecoach . I will be out of the office next Wednesday through Friday . I would like to execute the partnership documents on Monday or Tuesday , if possible . Sorry to hear about your wife's condition . She will be in our prayers . Phillip
Jacques , If your schedule permits , 4pm or later today would work for us . Phillip
Ed , How does Ellie like the ranch ? Is she adjusting OK ? Phillip Allen
Francis , Here are the files we need in excel . Thank you for your help . Phillip
Jean , Congratulations on being team leader for the video . Here are some ideas: 1 . A long winded VP drones on and on asking questions about an analyst that is not in his/her group while the camera flashes to other bored VP's . It could start with sighs and rolling eyes then build to comical efforts to be put out of their misery . ( gun to head or rope around neck ) 2 . Include some digs at John Lavorato's quirks like always pulling up his shirt sleeves . Just some ideas to get things started . Obviously , the gas market is slow today . Phillip
John , I am going to miss the meeting with Vladi about Z6 and weather hedges . I have been planning to be on vacation on August 1st -August 3rd and we are driving this afternoon before the kids get too cranky . I went over the analysis with Vladi . It still seems that the bias of the weather products towards an above normal winter and the averaging vs event nature of the weather options keep them from being an effective hedge for Z6 . See you on Monday . Phillip
Tim , Is there a website maintained by the Corp of Engineers or other source that reports real time hourly flows and generation from the major dams ? I remember one from several years ago but I can only find daily averages on the west power site . Phillip
I received the list of properties you mailed . Thank you very much . I would like to stay updated on the market in Hood River and the surrounding areas in Washington as well . I would be interested in lots as well as homes . In case you don't still have it , my address is 8855 Merlin Ct , Houston , TX 77055 . Thank you , Phillip Allen
Mark , The planned mountain bike activity is on Beaver Creek Mountain . Do you know what kind of trails are there ? There is a break on Saturday after lunch . The trails at Vail sound great . Hunter and I would definitely be up for trying them out . Let's set it up . Let me know if you can book a side trip or if you want me to try . Thanks , Phillip
I would like to stay current on listings under $225 . As an alternative , I would be interested in finding a lot with city utilities to build a small home(<1500 sf) . I am not in a hurry . I would just like to follow the market and hopefully find a great deal if I am patient . Thanks for your help . Phillip Allen
Michelle , Please send the revised agreements when you get a chance . I spoke to Mike B . this afternoon and agreed to move the deadline to Friday , August 17 , 2001 . Phillip
Vail sounds good . If we are only going downhill our legs shouldn't be too wiped out after the morning . We will be on rented bikes , but I'm sure we can keep them for the day .
Jean , Dave Forster is out of town . Do you think we will be able to shoot , edit , and add music to the video using Dwight's camera ? Phillip
Jean , Please have Melissa send down the CD or give me a call and I will come get it . Thanks , Phillip
Kirk , Andy Lewis , a director on the Central Desk , has agreed to participate as a content SME . I plan on being heavily involved in reviewing the content as well . Phillip
Michelle , I have executed the Warranty Deed , First Amendment , and the Escrow Agreement . I am waiting for the agreement that replaces paragraph 7D in the original Escrow Agreement . Once you email me that document , I will execute it and overnight all 4 documents to you . Phillip
Greg , Here is the story with Bobinchuck's bonds . They are being placed privately with a fund of investors . The interest is 7.7% with no credit enhancement . I guess Agape is the 501-c-3 nonprofit . That's why he has flexibility with the timing . Philip
Richard , Here is the power point presentation . Also , the web address below contains the music we want to use . If you right click on a song and choose Save Target As you can save the songs to a file . I will see you tomorrow morning at 8 AM . You can reach me at 713-853-7041(w ) or 713-463-8626(h ) Phillip Allen
Jeanie , Can you send me a list of performance review that I have not completed ? Thanks , Phillip
Rick , Here is the table to insert during Oxley's introduction . Maybe you could flash to this screen while he speaks . If you can read my notes , the second Oxley intro has a better audio reference to the skewed distribution . That might be useful . Can you send me an email confirming receipt . Phillip
Erik , All of the desk heads are leaving for an offsite this afternoon through this weekend . Monday would be better . I would like to schedule meetings for you with several people on the gas floor . I will have Ina Rangel arrange this for Monday afternoon . Phillip
Kirk , Berney's last name is spelled AUCOIN . His number is ext . 34784 . Ed McMichael's number is ext . 37657 . Andy Lewis will be the subject matter expert along with myself . Phillip
Chris , Can you use your connections to request access to the East Power website for the following: Hunter Shively Mike Grigsby Scott Neal John Arnold Tom Martin Phillip Allen Jim Schwieger Thanks , Phillip
Greg , This spreadsheet is an attempt to outline supply & demand in San Marcos by unit . Next , I want to look at the numbers by bedroom . Let's compare numbers . Here is a list of questions: 1 . Unit mixes of all proposed projects . 2 . Completion date of Blazer Development ( 220) , Capstone ( 270) , Melrose ( 202) , Bonner-Carr . ( 186 ) 3 . Is the Capstone 270 units or 270 beds ? This spreadsheet illustrates that supply will exceed demand in 2002 but demand will catch up in 2003-2005 . San Marcos will have over 6,000 units . If the 350 excess units in 2002 were distributed over the entire population that would push occupancy down by 5% . That would not be a disaster . Tomorrow , I would like to refine this spreadsheet and try to support some of the population and job growth assumptions with more current data . Let me know what you think . Phillip
Please add Mike Grigsby to the distribution list .
Jacques , Hope all is fine with your wife . I would like to get the Stagecoach release finalized . Kevin Kolb is waiting for our comments on the latest draft he faxed you . If it looks ok to you let's sign it and move on . Phillip
I have been riding my bike to work a couple of times each week and lifting with Matt . I thought you came in later .
Here is the file of historical midmarkets for Sumas and Malin . Call me if you have any questions . Phillip Allen
Greg , Please call or email with an update on Bank One and permitting process . Phillip
Aplusmath.com Creates flashcards and worksheets for +-*/
Jeanie , If an employee voluntarily terminates , how long do they have to exercise their options . Hypothetically , of course . Phillip
Any word on the release agreement ? Have you sent all the comments back to Kevin Kolb ? I can't tell if they are the hold-up or if we are . I am going to be in San Marcos next Friday . It would be good if we could have things signed by then so we can exchange funds . Please email with status update . Phillip
Have you heard anything from Bank One today ?
Mike , How did the school board meeting go last night ? Phillip
Jeff , I got your voice mail about the school board . That is good news . Let me know when the closing is rescheduled . Thanks , Phillip
Jeff , I got your voice mail about the school board approval . That's good news . Let me know when the closing is rescheduled . Phillip
According to Jacques , the release is with the Kuo's attorney , Kevin Kolb . I just spoke to Kevin . The Kuo's have been away on vacation . He is going to try and get things finalized this week . It sounds like they want to sign and exchange money in person . This Saturday afternoon in Seguin will probably be the most convenient time . I will let you know when I hear more from Kevin Kolb . Phillip
Ina , Gracie finally sent the CPE credit information . Thanks for staying on top of it . Is there somewhere online that I can find my YTD wages and taxes withheld . I know it was on the pay stub from last week , but I threw that one away before I realized I needed the info . If I can't find it online , can you get payroll to print out another check stub from 8/31 . I need to do some income tax calculations . Thanks , Phillip
Jeff , According to Kevin Kolb , he has a meeting with the Kuo's today to give a final blessing to the release . He doesn't foresee any issues . If they are ok with the document , they want to sign and exchange checks in person . I will be in San Marcos this weekend . Saturday at 3 PM in Seguin would work well for me . He is proposing that time to the Kuo's . How does your schedule look ? It would be nice to finally put this behind us . Any word on a closing date for Leander ? Phillip
They cannot meet on Saturday . I will probably meet them in Columbus on Monday or Tuesday . I will let you know when . Phillip
That should be ok . I will give you a call on Tuesday morning . A Still no word on the Leander closing ?
Jacques , I sent you a fax of Kevin Kolb's comments on the release . The payoff on the note would be $36,248 ( $36090(principal ) + $158 ( accrued interest)) . This is assuming we wrap this up on Tuesday . Please email to confirm that their changes are ok so I can set up a meeting on Tuesday to reach closure . Phillip
Mac , The IRS address for estimated payments is: PO Box 970001; St . Louis , MO 63197-0001 Keith PS: Please confirm receipt of this message .
Jacques , Once you make the changes to the release , please fax a copy to Kevin Kolb . I am going to try and meet Pauline Kuo on Tuesday or Wednesday to wrap things up . In addition to the release , I will need the guarantee and a release of lien for the smaller note . I will speak to you on Monday . Hope things are going well with your wife . Phillip
That's great . Your guys seem fired up about this program . We need something like this in Houston to boost morale . It makes me miss Portland .
Can you send me a schedule of meetings ? Is there one today ? Phillip
Jacques , Did you get a chance to look at the release ? Drop me a note when you can . Phillip
Thanks . I am waiting to speak to Pauline Kuo to schedule a time and place to meet her this week . Hopefully we can meet Tuesday or Wednesday . I will swing by your office to pick up the documents . Phillip
Mike , Can you send me a status update when you get a chance . Thank you , Phillip
Can you send me a schedule of meetings . I don't know if we have one today or not . I have a doctors appointment this afternoon so I can't make it today . Phillip
In light of this mornings events , most of the trading floor is leaving . So we will have to do the meeting tomorrow . Phillip
Jacques , Did you receive the fax from Kevin Kolb with a small change on page 2 . It also included the conveyance and assignment document . Does this look ok to you ? Is the language "Transfer will occur when first lien holder , Pacific Southwest Bank , approves the assignment" sufficient ? Hopefully it is ok . Let me know if it is and I will come by your office to pick up executable copies . Thank you , Phillip
John , Do you still want to get together this week ? Phillip
Jeff , The attorney's are done with the documents . I have a call in with Pauline to schedule a meeting to sign them . Most likely in Columbus . I am waiting to hear from her . Phillip
Greg or Darrell: Did you get an official rejection or invitation on the New Braunfels project ? Phillip
Greg , What was the official word on New Braunfels ? Phillip
The target audience document looks fine . Phillip
Congratulations . Glad to hear you made it . You are in elite company .
My guess at your time is 11 hrs 10 minutes . Was I close ?
Don , Jeff Gosset runs the risk management group . I spoke to him about including a module on how the books work . He liked the concept and is willing to sit down with you to discuss further . His number is X37306 . He is expecting a call to set up a meeting . Phillip
Can you approve this invoice or show me how to get into this system ? Thank you , Phillip
John , The spreadsheet below ( "Valuation Summary.." ) calculates the value Enron would realize if we turned back the capacity or released it at full tolls . As of 9/17 mids , the 200,000/d leg would generate $16,918,907 if turned back . There is still a substantial amount of value above variable costs on the books . For 03-06 , variable costs are around $0.15 but the mid-market spread is $0.45 . The PV volume for that term is 22,000 contracts . Phillip
Jacques , If you can believe it I have been unable to get with Pauline Kuo to sign all the agreements . Kevin Kolb sent me additional comments on Monday . I faxed those to you . Can you please make the changes to the "Receipt of Payment" . I can change and initial the small change on the settlement agreement or if you email the document I will change it on the computer . It would be easier if you could email me the documents so I can print out originals here . Thank you , Phillip
Jeff , In light of the puny VAR allotments attributed to the simulated trading participants , we have decided to graduate Matt Smith from the exercise . Please advise Kimat Singla it will no longer be necessary to calculate a simulated book for Matt Smith . Please use his COB 9/25/01 P&L as his official score for this exercise and post his total on the High Score table under the initials MDS . Thank you , Phillip
This is a list of common mistakes . However , as the group works together to create exercises and scenarios for the simulation many additional ideas will be generated . I don't want to hold up this document . I just want everyone to be aware that it is not all inclusive . Phillip
Kirk , This document is fine .
Kirk , I would modify this document slightly . The first section is titled "Introduction to Risk Management" and the second section is "Hedging Instruments/Risk Management Products" . However , many of the bullet points in the first section are describing hedging instruments that belong in second section . I would limit the introduction to types of risk , identifying risk , and examples when risks are not hedged . Then the second section should contain all the details of hedging tools . Definitions of derivatives and how they can be used to manage the risk in the first section would be in this section . The third section would include the roles and accounting basics . You might want to include the commodity 101 info here , at least gas and power . Phillip
I like these homes much better than the one from earlier this week . I like the steeper pitched roof and the high glass windows in the top of the gables . Plus these seem a little bigger . I like the floor plan of the hoover plan better than the van gendersen . The kitchen should be bigger . You could take some space from the sewing room and add an island to the kitchen .
Greg , I forgot to mention the Perrin Oaks ideas . They are on the attached memo . Have a good weekend . Phillip
Please email me back with a location for tomorrow's meeting . Phillip
Greg , I went to the title company yesterday and as instructed by Irwin I signed the deed of trust , the promissory note for 8.4 , and the subordination agreement . Can the loan amount be adjusted based on new costs estimates . What will happen at closing ? Is the major problem with the appraisal that since the land was only appraised at 1,120,000 we would be required to contribute an additional 180,000 in equity ? If so , that is not good . You mentioned that the we are firm on the construction numbers given to me previously . Can you send those numbers again so I can be positive I am not looking at old numbers . Also , I would really appreciate a schedule of true costs and expected loan . Thank you , Phillip
Kirk , What is the deal with this boat trip ? Seems too extravagant and wasteful . I am not comfortable with this . Can't we just have a small happy hour once the project is complete ? Phillip
Gary , Can you call me to discuss the panel quote for the Allen residence issued to Johnnie Brown ? In April you worked up a quote for $20,000 . The dimensions of the house have not changed . The quote given last week was over $26,000 . Have raw materials and labor increased by over 25% ? I need help understanding this increase . Phillip Allen
Richard , I spoke to you earlier this week with questions about building with SIP's . I am planning to build a home in San Marcos as soon as I can decide on a builder and materials . I already have my blueprints completed . What I took from our conversation was to use the SIP's with 8.5" roof panels and use a metal roof . I have been working with Johnnie Brown , a builder from San Antonio that is also a Creative Panel rep . The problem is that I have a budget of $85-$90/sf and it does not appear that he will be able to stay within that budget . I don't want to settle for a conventional stick built house . I was wondering about alternatives . Would some combination of a radiant barrier and non-CFC spray insulation provide close to the same energy savings at a lower cost than SIP's . For example , I just spoke to a sales rep for Demilec . He will spray foam insulation at $1.30/sf . That would be approximately $10,000 compared to over $20,000 additional costs for the panels . But would the foam insulation be as effective ? Do you have any suggestions of materials or contractors that would help me construct the best home for the money . I am trying to get a bid from Wink with Premier based on you reference . Thank you for your help . Phillip Allen
Greg , I won't be in the office on Thursday . I am getting my knee scoped . I will be at home in the afternoon . 713-463-8626 . If you need to email me use pallen70@hotmail.com . I will be in the office on Friday . Phillip
Monica , The outlines you just dropped off are fine . Phillip
I will be there tomorrow , but I have a bunch of rehab exercises to do for my knee . I probably won't be much of a partner for a couple more weeks .
Yes , I will attend the meeting .
Karen , I interviewed Agustin Leon and Zoya Raynes . Here are my comments: Agustin Leon: Has a lot of experience with quantitative and technical analysis . Programming and language skills . If not a trader could be an asset to research group . Zoya Raynes: Has already been through Salomon's rotational program . Her interest lean more towards marketing than trading . Seems very talented . I would recommend both candidates for further consideration . Phillip
Tim , Since the three nuclear units have gone down there has been a significant increase in imports into California from the northwest which coincides with increased hydro output . This has continued to suppress Socal gas sendouts . Grand Coulee outflows on Monday and Tuesday have exceeded inflows . Monday: In-69.8 , Out-73.4; Tuesday: In-57.7 , Out 68.2 . The elevation is starting to creep lower . Can you help us with these questions ? Will this drafting to continue ? What is the elevation target for the end of the month ? Why did yesterday's inflow decline so much ? Thank you , Phillip Allen
I am going to be in a meeting with Accenture on Friday from 9am until 3pm . So I can't meet with Paul Margraves . Have him call me directly and I will set something up . Phillip
Bob , I do have a survey of the sight at home . I will get you a copy tomorrow . Regarding contracts , the Texas Real Estate Commission website has copies of the contracts we need . The website is below . I believe the relevant contracts are form #20-4(One to Four Family Residential Contract ) and form #OP-H ( Seller's Disclosure of Property Condition) . A coworker is about to close on a home without using a broker and these are the forms he used . I Phillip
I like the cedar t-111 version better . Why don't you tell this shop teacher not to be to comfortable and that you will be taking his job in two years .
Randy , Why is there a PG&E Citygate position in Mgmt-West ? Were these positions created in the last week or so ? Can you print a forwards detail and move these deals into FT-PGE ? Do not just transfer at mid market . Please move the deals . Phillip
John , It would be a good idea to pull together the desk heads to air out concerns . We all have questions and don't feel we have all the facts to answer the questions employees are asking . The sooner the better . Phillip
Thanks for the update .
I will try and find my title policy this evening .
Renee , Thank you for the forms . I am trying to estimate my tax obligation . It is my understanding that the account balance will be treated as ordinary income . What about Social Security and Medicare taxes ? I thought those were already deducted . Also , the are no earnings on the deferrals I have made . On the contrary , there are losses . Is it possible to recoup any taxes paid ? Thanks for you help . Phillip
Thanks
These are fine .
Michelle , Here are my comments: Section 9b- It is my understanding that the Utility lines are currently under construction and should be finished by late February 2002 . Can we reference the work that is being performed by the contractor , JC Evans . I want to avoid any ambiguity regarding the "Utility Lines" . Also can we make the same distinction in the Utility Construction Escrow Agreement in Section C . Section 10- Please change to Purchaser can extend closing for 3 successive periods of 30 days each for $10,000 per extension , not applicable to purchase price and non-refundable . Also , I would prefer to sign the first amendment and the utility escrow documents at the same time since they reference each other . I have sent Mike B . a copy of this email . Thank you , Phillip
Adrianne , I cannot download his resume . Please resend . Phillip
Brent , Please call me so we can do a 15 minute phone interview regarding your interest in the trading track program . Phillip Allen West gas trading
Left message and sent email . I will let you know as soon as I have spoken to him .
Please send more details regarding this meeting
Adrianne , I spoke to Brent D . I would recommend that he is given a chance to interview for the program . Phillip
Can we meet from 10am-11am instead ?
Greg , I would rather sign and fax copies of the necessary contracts then follow up with originals through the mail . Phillip
Jacques , I need to pull together the Bishops Corner organization documents so we can close on the bank loan . Did Keith and I take the originals or did we leave them with you ? I know we still need to issue the shares for the GP . Please drop me a note . Phillip Allen
Is this the weekly fundamentals report produced by Tim Heizenrader's group ? In Houston , we have been receiving the report on Tuesday afternoon via email before the fundamentals meeting in Portland . How can distribution through or administrative assistants be more efficient ? The administrative assistant for the West gas desk is Ina Rangel . Her locaPhillip Allen
Bob , I found the warranty deed but I could not find the title policy . I will call the title company that we used to get a copy today . Phillip
Andy , I don't know what your need for brokerage services are , but Scott is nice enough as far as brokers go . Personally , I am extremely pleased with the transition to online platforms and find that I can get 90%+ of my business done online . If you have a need for brokers , Scott is a good choice . Phillip
Renee , I wrote "check" as the method of distribution on the form I dropped off last Thursday . I thought it would be more likely for the distribution to be made off-cycle . However , if the distribution could be made on-cycle I would prefer direct deposit . Is this email sufficient notice or do I need to do something else ? Thank you , Phillip Allen
Carlos , I faxed you a copy of the contract to sell the property in Leander . The title company is Chicago Title Company in Austin . Their address is 1501 S Mopac , Suite 130 , Austin , TX 78746 . Wendy Butters is the contact person . Her number is ( 512)480-8353 . Phillip
Jacques , Thanks for pulling together the copies of the organization documents . Have you had a chance to gather the title work ? Call or email when you get a chance . Phillip
Renee , Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units . It is clear that the payment will be made in shares . However , I still don't understand which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares . The plan document under VII . Amount of Benefit Payments reads "The value of the shares , and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp . common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment , and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp . common stock." Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account . Thank you , Phillip Allen
Richard , I checked with Wink and his prices were slightly lower per square foot but the builder was not keen on the panels Wink is selling because the dimensional lumber to frame windows and doors is not included . So that reduces some of the savings . Either way it still appears that a panel home will cost close to $20,000 more for a 4000 sq ft home . Even if I assume my energy savings will be $125/month , it would take approximately 22 years to recover the upfront cost assuming a 5% interest rate . Cost is a major concern , but I am also concerned with the comfort level of the upstairs . I am under the impression that the panels will prevent the upstairs from feeling significantly hotter than the downstairs as most two story homes do . What are some other alternatives that would also be effective ? Radiant barrier ? More attic ventilation ? Thank you for your help . Phillip Allen
Jerry , I had a couple of questions about the exchange . 1 . Can I place the replacement property into a limited partnership ? 2 . The cash to be escrowed is approx . $650K . At money market rates of 3.5% the interest in six months would be over $10K . Will the funds be held in an interest bearing account and will I receive the interest ? 3 . Should I fed ex all these documents to the title company ? Thank you , Phillip
Bob , Let me know how I can help with the variance application . Phillip
Renee , I would like to have a meeting to go over the payment methodology . Scott Neal and Tom Martin would like to attend as well . This afternoon at 2 PM or later would work for us . Please let me know what time we could meet . Thank you , Phillip
Greg , I faxed you the promotional on 10300 Heritage Office Building with the Nimitz post office . The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold . Let me know what you think of this property . Also , let me know of any other ideas about replacement property . Phillip
Jim , Take a look at this spreadsheet . I tried to calculate the IRR on the port Aransas and Roma post offices . Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties ? The Roma deal looks much better . Phillip
This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting . We should be able to work with this . Phillip
Jim , I received your email on the Killeen post office . I am still having a tough time making the math work . Can you prepare a spreadsheet that would show why the post office is such a good investment ? Maybe the assumptions I am making about interest rates , expenses , or value at the end of the lease are incorrect . Phillip
Bob , The application for the variance states that I applied for a permit on October 29th and was rejected . Do the discussions with the building inspector constitute denial . Phillip
Steve , I need help determining how much margin the short options require . My account has a value of around $1,400,000 . That includes 750,000 of us treasury notes . I am ready to build a bond ladder of muni's . I need to know how much I can purchase with the funds in this account . Obviously , I don't want to margin the account to invest in fixed income . Please get back to me soon . Phillip
Tim , Have you considered reducing the scope or terminating the Accenture project to conserve cash ? Where are we in terms of %complete ? Phillip
I would like more detail about how much margin my open positions require and how the muni's are treated with regard to margin . The call's I am short are way out of the money . The only positions that are changing very much in value are the Enron shares I am long and the Enron puts I am short . I would consider closing those positions . I would like to put the maximum possible into Muni's . Please forward this email to Steve . Phillip
When can we reschedule the meeting regarding phantom stock deferral . Any day except Thursday would work . Phillip Allen
I would like to achieve a yield of 5% . I am expecting an average maturity date of 2020 . Since the treasury is only paying 6.25% taxable at 39% , isn't the effective yield only 3.8% ? Why wouldn't I move this money to muni's ? Phillip
I am still using my home Nortel VPN access .
What are the specifics of those bonds are they insured what are they rated ? Can you work up a ladder from 2015-2026 ? Shouldn't I buy more than just one or two issues ?
Let's start with $1 million .
Bob , I turned in the application for a variance yesterday . The hearing will be on January 8th . In order to get on the calendar for the Dec 4th hearing , the application had to be in by November 9th . I was under the impression that yesterday was the deadline . Sorry if I dropped the ball . On another note , I spoke to Joe Edwards yesterday and he had some useful suggestions about the addition . It might be possible to move the addition forward and open up the bedroom at the top of the stairs into the new space . You could convert the modified bedroom into a media room and use the new space for your game/play/music room . Then you could close off the existing play room to replace the bedroom lost . Part of the play room that is bordered by the stair rail and looks down to the living room could be used for a built in desk with a couple of computers . This way you would not have to add a second staircase . The walls needed to convert the playroom to a bedroom should be minor construction . In the back you could slope the roof until you were within the setback . Then you could place a large dormer facing the back of the property or bring a wall straight up . From the driveway the addition would have the same elevation as your drawing but intwould be brought forward with a covered parking area below the addition . The kitchen and dining room windows would still open to the driveway but they would be more shaded . That is the west side of the house so that might not be a bad thing . Your ideas about opening up the kitchen to the living room or dining room would still be possible . Personally , I think opening the dining room would be the better idea . I don't know if you can visualize this or if you are even interested in exploring anything except your original plan . But I wanted to suggest something in case the variance was not granted . Let me know if you want me to try and sketch out these ideas . Phillip
The spreadsheet you sent will not open up and calculate any yields . Can you resend ?
I will not be in the office on Thursday . Can we meet on Friday at 10 am ? Try to get a room off the 32nd floor .
Jim , I realize you are excited about these post offices . But I really need help analyzing the numbers . Phillip
Please send me an email describing the zero option so I can pass it along to the other SME's . Phillip
Jeff , Can you resend the info on the three properties you mailed and the one you faxed on Tuesday . I was out of the office last week . Phillip
David , For clarity , wherever you cite Section 6.2 in your response I assume you mean Section 6.3 . Your response does not address the key points upon which I based my interpretation of the plan . The beginning of Section 6.3 states "Notwithstanding any other provision of the plan?" . This implies that Section 6.3 contains the complete rules for an accelerated distribution . I disagree with your translation of "a single sum distribution" as meaning all at once instead of a single amount . I would like to meet to discuss or appeal to Greg W . or John L . In addition , your response does not address Section 7.1 . This appears to be the relevant section if the PSA is to be paid in shares . Additionally the Q & A section in the plan brochure ( pg . 8 ) works through an example of adjusting the number of shares to retain a certain dollar value . This is the methodology described in Section 7.1 . Tom Martin and Scott Neal share the above concerns . Please advise of a convenient time we can all meet to discuss further . Phillip
Mike & Tony , Rather than fill in the design selections , I have attached a spreadsheet that estimates the costs . Since I have spent so much time researching the house , I think my numbers are pretty close . I would be interested in working with a contractor on a cost plus fixed fee basis . I don't know if this would be agreeable to you . Take a look at the numbers and let me know what you think . If we could work together on this basis , I will complete the design selections . I will make the adjustments necessary to stay within the allowances as we get actual quotes from sub-contractors . We are torn between two good locations . However , we are leaning towards Kerrville . The lot in Kerrville is substantially more expensive than our lot in San Marcos , so we are really stretched to make this house work financially . We have decided that if we can make Kerrville work within our budget we will go ahead , if not we will fall back to our plan to move to San Marcos . I don't know how many jobs you have going currently , but if we could reach an agreement we would like to start immediately . Phillip Allen
Are we scheduled to meet tomorrow at 10 AM ? If yes can we change to 2 PM ? Phillip
The project coordinators believe they can reach a solution with Accenture in which Enron pays no additional fees but the project is completed in a slightly scaled back form . This allows Accenture to have a completed project and no more cash goes out the door . The effort from the SME's should be complete by Christmas . Please push forward with the review of the knowledge layer . Phillip
Jim , Your spreadsheet shows the same type of return I was calculating . Your insurance and repair numbers seem very low . Also , assuming that the options to extend at higher rates will be exercised is a huge leap of faith . I don't believe these properties cost any where near the $150+/sf that they are being offered at . Based on the optimistic back loaded returns , I would not be comfortable purchasing a post office at this time . Thank you anyway . Phillip
Tony , Here is the completed worksheet . I also attached both a plumbing and an electric worksheet . I spoke to Steve Chapman with the panel company in Kerrville . He has a complete set of plans plus an engineers drawing of the slab . I let him know that you would swing by and pick them up . He said he knew Mike . As I mentioned , Mark Olguin should also have a complete set . I will arrange for the additional copies to be mailed . Call with questions . Phillip
As discussed on the phone earlier today , please send 5 full sets plus 5 floor plan only sets of my house plan to Dyal Roberts Custom Homes 260 Thompson Drive Suite 19 Thank you , Phillip Allen
Thanks for the invitation . Keith might have the freedom to go . Phillip
Phillip Allen Home 713-463-8626 Cell 713-410-4679 Remember to fax a copy of the term sheet to John Butler . ( fax: 212-450-4800 )
This file contains graphs illustrating volumes by tenor by product type on a quarterly basis since Q499 . For example , daily volume for Natural Gas Financial Swaps during this quarter has been 25 BCF(25,000 contracts ) for 1 month trades , 20 BCF ( 20,000 contracts ) for greater than 1 month trades , and 50 BCF ( 5,000 contracts ) for less than 1 month trades . Please call with questions . Phillip Allen
Call or email with additional data requests . Phillip
Jay , I need to compile a report that shows transaction volume by basis location(Basis Swaps ) and volume by location for Phys Forwards as well as Finc Swaps for Power . We have given them a list of the locations at which we like to make markets . They want to see historical volumes at those location to judge the liquidity at each location . You can reach me at 713-515-3949 or x37041 . Thanks for your help . Phillip
Heather , This is exactly what we need . Would it possible to add the prior day for each of the dates below to the pivot table . In order to validate the curve shift on the dates below we also need the prior days ending positions . Thank you , Phillip Allen
Heather , Did you attach the file to this email ?
Why is the body shop being closed ? Why can't it continued to be operated on a reduced staff with out exercise classes ?
Jeff , JP Morgan is comparing a file of calculated daily curve shift to actual P&L . Gas P&L for 2001 was 1.2 Billion but the theoretical curve shift was -13 million . This is from a file assembled by David Port which is attached . The biggest difference is 9/14 ( $500 million) . This is probably money coming out of reserves . Besides that day there are many smaller differences . Can you help me by pulling the P&L packets from some of the larger days ? The answer might be that the file from RAC is bogus . Phillip
Jeff Gosset is going to pull the P&L packet from the days with the biggest discrepancy and we will go from there .
Sounds good . This email address goes to my work . If you finish on Friday or over the weekend , please send to pallen70@hotmail.com .  Thanks , Phillip Allen
If you get the info from the owner this afternoon , please send it to pallen70@hotmail.com .
Can you fax me the rent roll ? 713-646-2391 . Also please send the unit mix and square footages again . Thanks , Phillip
Greg , I plugged the data on Colonial Oaks into your format . The actual NOI for 2001 is around 305,000 . But there is not a professional management company . Subtracting $25,000 for management costs the NOI would be $280,000 . However , I increased the taxes and a few other expenses to bring total expenses up to $3,000/unit . This would yield an NOI of $240,000 . Comparing the rents charged to the other 17 properties , it doesn't look like the rents have a great deal of upside . The asking price is $2,700,000 . Using $240,000 would make this an 8.9 cap . Using the seller's NOI of $280,000 would be a 10.4 cap . The cost per unit is $33,750 for a 1969 project . The cost per square foot is 36.58 . The numbers would be better if the property was offered at $2.5 million . Jeff Smith claims that $2.7 million is as low as the seller will go . This property has not been on the market . So I would like your input of what the market would pay for it . If $280,000 is a reasonable NOI , then I would thing it would be sold fairly quickly for $2.7 million . It does have the benefit of all brick exterior and elderly tenants . Plus the location is by far the most convenient . Financing is the other consideration . I am assuming 25 year , 7% , and 25% down . What do you think could actually be achieved ? Can you put me in contact with a lender ? I will follow up with a phone call . Thanks , Phillip
Jeff , I reviewed your revised offer sheet . I am OK with the effective income of $484K . Her records show basically no other income ( $75/month) , so I subtracted $3,000 from your number . The expenses just need to reflect $20,000 more property taxes and the numbers should be right on . $484 less $244 would be $240 of NOI . I spoke to Jim Murnane this afternoon . He feels this property would most likely warrant 7.5% and a 30 year amortization . See the attached spreadsheets .
Here is lakeside in your format . Looks like 11% cash on cash plus whatever principal is paid on the note . My biggest concern is that actual vacancies and concessions have been higher than in the pro forma used to underwrite the offering . Also expenses were higher . Why would we be able to do any better than the existing management ? I would like to come see it again on Wednesday . I would be bringing 1 or 2 others . Could we see it in the morning around 9:30 or 10 am ? Phillip
Mac , This looks good . I won't know exactly what my cash position is until mid January . I will let you know . Thanks , Keith
I will take a look . Thanks again for letting me spend the day with you . I have a call into Beth and I will let you know how that goes . Thanks Hunter
Trunkline LNG Company 5/18/00 - Trunkline filed for approval of a new rate schedule ( LLS ) for LNGLending Service . It is patterned on PALS services*short term loans , witrepayment within 31 days . any opportunities for us ? Hunter
What is the latest on the EOL feeds . I talked to Dave last week and he indicated it was no problem . I have a meeting with him today at 2:30 . Let me know what I need to tell him . Also , what is the latest with the late nominations . I talked to Jason and he told him it was due to producers changing their noms . I have not talked to George about this issue . Jason also thinks that the problem is shorter lived that PGL&C has indicated . Please write back with PGL&C's position on the matter . Thanks Hunter
George , what is our view on this ? Hunter
You need to get a mountain bike . I like riding the trails through Memorial Park . Nasdaq 5000 here we come Hunter
I am glad to hear your search is going well . It sounds like you are on the right track . Hunter
I feel like such a heel . There is a hidden pocket in my computer bag and I had placed my phone and flight info in this pocket . Thank you for continuing to look for the phone . I am embarrassed . I had a meeting with Beth today . I feel that it did not go well . I asked for an IT person that would work in our group and would be expected to learn the fundamentals . I also indicated that I would like everyone in the group to learn IT and that we would hire someone to sit on our desk and produce the front-end . She did not like that idea . Her proposal is that an IT person can sit on our desk and decide what IT resources we need and she wants front-end production to be handled by her group . We ended the meeting with no resolution and we will meet again tomorrow . It seems to me that if we don't have free access to the website or database , the group will suffer . I will follow up tomorrow .
agreed
we will need to do it after work sometime . Let me know Hunter
What is ETA and PA ? Thanks
can we create a link to a Chicago Hub EOL site ? If so , can the Chicago Hub site have new PA's and ETA's ?
Dave can you redo with day + 1 products only ? Also can you display the data without placing multiple data in a given row ? I have attached an example . The first row in this spreadsheet is how I would like to see the data . This way I can sort the data in any fashion . Thanks Hunter
I talked to Louise and she said that Mark Taylor had the following idea . If the Chicago office signs an agreement that binds the Chicago office to every "Midwest Hub" deal on EOL then we could avoid the PA and ETA . I believe the Chicago office is on the network so the stack manager should not be a problem . Louise said that she would have someone call Laura Luce . Laura manages the Chicago office and is the person that would authorize the above agreement . Thanks Hunter
Laura Dave Forster from Eol may be calling you . I am trying to get the Hub online and I am having trouble because Enron does not own more than 50% of the Midwest Hub . An EOL lawyer may have found a solution . I have asked Dave to call you . I wanted to give you a heads up . Thanks Hunter
Colleen What is XML ? Thanks Hunter
Donna What is the ANSI Compliance Team ? Thanks Hunter
Any more documentation on this deal ? Midwestern Gas Transmission 5/18/00 - Midwestern filed notice of a negotiated rate deal with Dynegy . It provides for a monthly reservation charge of $.025/dth and a tiered indexed commodity rate based on spreads . If the index spread is less than or equal to $.02 , then the daily commodity rate shall be $.01 . If the index spread is greater than $.02 but less than $.10 , then the rate shall be 50% of the spread . If the index spread is greater than $.10 , then the rate shall be $.05 plus 75% of the spread exceeding $.10 . The deal is effective 5/1/00 through 10/31/00 .
next week sometime is possible . not Tuesday Hunter
I have attached how I would do it . check out the red comment marks . Do not add day ahead + 1 I leave for Portland around 4:00 Thanks Hunter
Brad Today ( 06-15-2000 ) I reiterated to Theresa on a recorded telephone that she must be profitable in the second half of the year . I believe that my exact statement was "If you are not profitable the next months we are going to have another talk" . After thinking about it afterwards , this statement is probably too vague . Do I need to clarify this statement ? Should I define the exact amount of profit ? Should I explicitly say that I will ask her to leave the group ? Your help would be appreciated . Hunter
Before we publish this we need to calc the index for a few days . We need to feel confident that the index is calculating correctly . You can reach me at hunter
I think that if a product does not trade for a day , we do not post the product the index or product description in the index page . I think the index calculation hours should be 7:30 a.m . to 12:00 a.m . How fast can the index page be calculated and posted ?
I would like to see the composite . I think my home computer has logon access through the firewall .
Has someone in NetWorks looked at this issue ? Thanks Hunter
I don't know if you read your email so I am forwarding this to you .
The page is missing the gas flow date and the numbers require only three decimal points . We need to add Canada numbers . Also is it possible to make the basis column more straight ?
Should we have an explanation of index calculation ? It may build more trust in the numbers .
I think I have a meeting that starts at 4:00 . Please let them know that I can attend from 3:30-4:00 .
Please call me ( 34772) . Where did you obtain your information ? Hunter
The first product looks good . We need to consider having one product for parks and loans . I think we should make a market in this product . Let me know what you think . Has Laura decided which organization will flip the deals ?
where did you get your copy of Green Markets ? Hunter
EOL and Peoples
EOL and Peoples transaction explain year and quarter . The biggest reason is EOL . I think the month to date numbers are up because we are experiencing an increase in EOL trading in the Gulf Coast Region . Let me know if you need more info . Hunter
thanks
has anyone notified EOL of our flip-out choice . I think the product would work like this: Chic - Peoples June one day withdrawal / July ratable injection . 015 bid . 025 offer Chic - Peoples June balance of month withdrawal / July ratable injection . 015 bid . 025 offer I think the rest of month would be more popular but we should give both a try . Also we need to work on an auto hedge feature for the Chicago office . call me
The two canadian points ( Dawn and Niagara ) are quoted in US dollars so a basis can be calculated . We also need to add NIT ( AECO) . John McKay manages this product . He should know the hours of trading and which day should be selected for index calculation . Hunter
great
Chris , can you attend this ?
can you attend this ?
I am sad to see you go . Stop by if you have time . Hunter
looks good . I can not think of anything to add .
I will talk to her as well
Has the deal between you and Patrice been booked ?
I don't remember if I told you that Fletch and I will be playing golf on Saturday morning . Thank You Hunter
how did this go ?
Tim I thought I would give you a simple overview of the gas market . This may help you prepare for Thursday . Everyday roughly 55 Billion Cubic Feet of gas is produced . The bulk of this production is in Texas , Louisiana , and Oklahoma . In the winter , the US daily load is greater than 55 BCF and in the summer , the daily US load is less than 55 BCF . Therefore , storage fields are needed to smooth out the seasonal differences in load . Texas and Louisiana are two of the largest consumers of natural gas . However these states produce more gas than they consume . Most other states consume more gas than they produce . Therefore pipelines were built to solve the regional imbalances . Most of these pipelines originate out of LA and TX and move gas to the areas of greatest demand . Our goal is to gain a handle on where the daily production is moving and if the daily production is growing or shrinking . Very simplistic , but maybe it helps . Hunter
the guys are not listed
Sounds good....marty mare knows where to get them as well . See you Monday
what is the latest Hunter
can you add Geof Storey ? Thanks Hunter
I would like to see your work as well . I will give you a call . Thanks Hunter
Richard Tomaski and Lee Fasecetti are the traders for the Park and Loans . The risk will reside in the Midwest Hub Book . Hunter
Joe Parks should be set-up for managing products Hunter
yes
what are the force majeure terms in the ECT GTC ? Hunter
Rain please help
looks good to me
names for software addition of Hear Me Fletch Sturm Andy Lewis Robin Menear Patrice Thurston Kevin Ruscitti Geoff Storey Sylvia Pollan Martin Cuilla Kelli Stevens Tom Donohoe Joe Parks
Please put a note on Geoff's desk and my calendar
thanks keep me posted
I also need to sign up for the executive impact and influence course Thanks
Technical issues 1 ) When some of the members of the chat room begin to talk , their microphone volume starts to trail off . 2 ) Many of the users use the ctrl button in their daily activities . The talk button needs to be changed to an F# key . 3 ) We have trouble with latency . Please contract Brent Tiner to help with these issues . Thank You Hunter
Rain Please setup a meeting with this guy for next week thanks
rain Please try and type this report . Thanks
I have the same problem as Patrice
Confidential I will send you updates
count us in
Peoples - expires October 2004 Index risk: Chicago Basis risk: Chicago , NGPL Mid-continent , Trunkline , Ventura Index risk Northern Border Transport Monchy & Ventura to Chicago - expires December 2008 Basis spread risk between Ventura and Chicago Hunter
Our guys should go to this .
I have attached the review . Please let me know if this is the format that I should submit to Kim . If so , should I forward it to Kim or do you want to give it to her and explain the situation . Thanks Hunter
looks great
When are these guys coming to Enron ? Thanks
What is this ?
This is the resume . Thanks Hunter
Greg Couch created the report . He will call you .
George do you have Coal outages ? Thanks Hunter
is Lavorato on distribution list ?
Skilling is driving this interview .
rain please print color copies for the group
please type and send back thanks
Vikas will be reporting to Chris Gaskill . Thank You Hunter
Rain Please ask them to add Storey to the schedule . I also need an email of the resume Hunter
CERA is publishing some reports on their website that we should pay for and post on our website . Enron may already have an account . Here is an example that I scanned
Any validity to this ?
Please call Celeste and elect 9/29/00 from 3:00-5:00 and mark on my calendar . Thank You
Thanks
Thank you
Overqualified for our group . Maybe you know of something .
closed
call Amanda Huble and she will place you on my calendar Thanks
I don't remember him . Can you send his resume
Kevin Ruscitti was promoted to manager last review period .
We do not want to hire him . Could you have someone send the new resumes as soon as possible . Thank You Hunter
I have an all day meeting on Thursday and Friday . Can we do this meeting on a different day . Thanks
I think I wrote his PRC
I should have one at home . When is Lavorato receiving the packet ?
What do you think of this language ?
Rain Please mark my calendar I am meeting with Software Architects Monday at 2:00 . I need a room . Thanks
Rain , Please forward to the traders . thanks
Kelli refreshed the numbers . Is it booked ?
10/9-10/10 Chicago Office 10/12-10/13 Vacation
John Arnold and Mike Maggi are our NYMEX options traders
that is fine
Chris Gaskill runs the day to day activities .
Bob I will be out of the office Thur and Fri . Can we meet next week ?
Reminiscences of a Stock Operator by Edwin Lefevre Excellent book on trading Hunter
I will attend the UT Super Saturday . Who is in charge of the event ?
I approve . Is there anything I need to do ?
That is great . Will you buy one for me ?
got it
Sylvia , Deirdre - look at the reliant and Dynegy transactions on ANR Jason , Tom , Lisa - new fuel rate on Trunkline
My name is Hunter Shively . I work for Enron . I would like to arrange a phone interview with you . Please call me at 713-853-4772 or e-mail hunter.s.shively@enron.com Please leave a message that states your phone number and the best time to contact you . If you are no longer interested please let me know . Thank You , Hunter
These are works in progress .
New e-platform opens market to producers nergyGateway.com yesterday unveiled a new marketing platform that will allogas pro-ducers to conduct online transactions under variable levels of service . The move opens the door for small- and medium-sized producers to enter theonline mar-ketplace , EnergyGateway.com said . Its new electronic venture lets the producer chooseits level * including swing , interruptible and firm service * when the offer is made . This enables buyers and sellers to transact for any term , raising the platform,s funcabove that of a simple day-trading tool , according to EnergyGateway.com . &Wholesale trading platforms have ignored the highly customized needs ofproducers and consumers . All market participants value liquidity , competitive-based processes and access to strategic information , not just trading companies,8 EnergyGateway.com CEMark Jergens said . &Wholesale trading platforms essentially prohibit the sale of natugas in the actual way it is produced , flowed and transacted.8 By allowing more producers to compete online , EnergyGateway.com sees its program as creating savings . &To create an optimum portal for buyers and sellers , wmust have direct contact with the producer community,8 Jergens explained . &By implementing this program , we can provide a service to producers in any region of the country that wanto participate in e-commerce opportunities but cannot due to barrier of entry established by wholesalersColumbus , Ohio-based EnergyGateway.com is an independent builder of offering transaction services and strategic market information for large natural gas and electric suppliers and consumers . The company also plans to offer small business andresidential custom-ers a nationwide preferred provider network of natural gas and electric suppliers in 2001 . VM
I do not know my password or user id .
The link to sign-up for Super Saturday is below .
I will call you on Monday to arrange a date for a phone interview . Thank You Hunter Shively
Do you know Doug , Christina , or Lee ?
Can they meet me and Colin ( my IT manager ) at the office ? It is hard to go to lunch .
Can you print this for me ? Thanks
My handwriting is messy so I am sending an e-mail . Slide: Competitive Analysis Groups Heading: Chicago Portal: Market Area Newsletter Suggested additions: make note of a website Transportation spreads calculated with EOL numbers Customer specific transaction history information Log-in ID to portal is the same Customer specific information on Enron's nominations with the customer Heading: Provides Suggested additions: integration with EOL
Can we meet on Friday and review this spreadsheet ? Hunter
I think I have a meeting at 3:00 . Call me when you have time tomorrow and we will set a time . Hunter
If you are interested in trading . I can speak with you . Hunter
Mark Ashbrook left me a message . I am sure that he is seeking feedback on his interview . Do you want me to talk to him . If not , his phone number is Thanks Hunter
I attended a class two weeks ago . It was interesting . Are there plans to make the application web based ?
Should Vladi do this ?
thank you .
Rain Let's talk about this
Kelli Have we contacted GRE ?
Please schedule a meeting with Caroline about her needs
Let me know if this is not what you need . Hunter
looks expenseive . We will go with B&W
Rain , Has Demetrion set up a meeting with you ? If not , please call him and arrange a time . Thanks
John The questions that Gas Daily is receiving most likely pertain to the issue that Nicor was closed on Friday but the weekend index published substantially different from the Thursday index . We did not transact at Nicor City Gate on Friday and did not submit a change in trades to Gas Daily . I will discuss this with you tomorrow .
Lisa and Jason should not be on our RC
Are we going to discuss these with Lavo before he makes a decision ? Hunter
I am ok with this
let's try to set-up a call with Geof on Wednesday or Thursday . hunter
Carie Robert ( pronounced Robear ) X33522 does floor tours for visitors
Is the chart range wide enough ? Kelli and Patrice do more than 250 trades per day . Thanks Hunter
It does . However Kelli is transacting about 425 a day
Please include the transactions by desk sheets ?
Rain Please set up a time with these people , me and the marketers on our desk . thanks
the weekly trading activity is what I wanted thanks
thank you for your help
Please put this on my calendar
Sorry for the confusion . I would prefer that you draft the letter and we will sign it . The proposed changes to the system are a good idea and we are working to initiate them . Please send the letter and I will notify you when the system has been changed . Thanks Hunter
thank you
kelli Stevens' "today" number looks incorrect
what is an 82/82% percent deal ?
Williams Central Pipeline is not one of our "top tier pipelines"
Unfortunately I will be out of the office on Wednesday . Hunter
These dates are good . It would be best if they arrived between 8:30 and hunter
Unfortunately I am in Chicago on Thursday and Friday . Hunter
Hunter Shively - I have weather access and I would like to trade power The remainder of the desk trades gas only
I will be in the office all week . Let me know when you guys would like to stop by hunter
I would like for Colin and David to create security that gives access to the site for certain users only . There are too many people logging in that we do not know . We need to begin creating this list . All Central , Texas , East , West , NYMEX desk and Chicago office traders ( Richard Tomaski will provide the Chicago office names ) Power traders Fundamentals Gas , Power , EIM Fred's group If you can think of any more let me know . Can we implement the security this week ?
yes....good idea
My map was blank . Could you resend ? Thanks Hunter
We can accomodate you . However I am not sure if Laura wants us to meet this week .
ASAP - Tomorrow mid-morning would probably best for me but let me know
I have little need for Volp at this time . Thank You
Ned Higgins met with Tim Herman on Friday . However I don't think we are going to pursue the project . How are ya ? Hunter
book it
This meeting should be on Geoff's calendar too .
I will be unable to attend . I am sending Andy Lewis in my place . Thanks Hunter
Have you spoken to Andy's book accountant ?
Have you spoken to Andy's book accountant ?
Thanks I will get a room and we can informally go over them with my group .
Paul , If you are coming to Houston for bidweek would you give my group a quick presentation on future rockies expansions ? Please let me know and I will set up a conference room if you can do it . Thanks Hunter
I like the update reports . keep them coming
I like the update reports . keep them coming
test
Chris Gaskill - Gas Fundamentals LLoyd Will - Power Fundamentals Julie Gomez also has excellent material on gas fired gen Keep in mind that some of our info is sensitive and we may not want the info to leave ENE Hunter
test
looks good thanks
looks good thanks
Please sign me up . Thank You Hunter
any day next week is good
Please sign me up . Thank You Hunter
any day next week is good
yes
yes
I know her husband . I prefer to fill any future openings with trading track personnel . However I would talk to her .
customer outing - Masters
customer outing - Masters
looks good
looks good
Rain , please send to group
Rain Please forward Chris Meyer expense reports to Laura
Thanks for the update
I liked him . He has experience with some of the physical issues that we are trying to correct . I think he would be a good liaison between commercial and IT . Hunter
Please forward to the traders and place on my calendar
looks good
If this is HPL related , it is Tom Martin
A number of conference participants argued that , even under the new standards of Order No . 637 , many pipelines still do not offer usable ( manipulatable ) data over their internet sites . What specifically are the above participants arguing ?
What instant messaging are you using ? I am disappointed that Deirdre has left . Liz is in the VAR group and needs to be here early . Hunter
Lisa kinsey , Bob Superty
Please make this change Thank You Hunter
Chris , what are our needs ?
Due to rotations we need six analysts in Aug/Sept . Chris has been assigned three new analysts from the pool . I believe these people are outside of the 26 assigned to you . We need a minimum of three . If you want to give us up to six , we will send our allocation of three back to the pool . We would also like a summer analyst .
Rain please forward to group
Sunday e-mail
I don't understand this
Friday may be best . I need to check with the wife . Hunter
can we get a calendar for factor changes ?
I will be in Chicago Thursday and Friday . I will need to leave for the airport around 3:00 . Please let me know if you would like for me to call in . Hunter
are we using this ?
Yes . Please communicate cost to me .
Could you please ask your assistant to change your supervisor for PRC from me to Laura . Thanks Hunter
Can we delay the interviews by one hour ? AGA is released at 1:00 on Wednesdays .
Frank Did this show in my Monday var ?
Are we going to reschedule ?
Chris Gaskill and I will do it . Does the audience understand the basics of natural gas ?
Please add a "daily change" column next to the "total position by trader" column . Thanks Hunter
Daisy Liemonta - No - I think she is more suited towards a back office role . However I am on the fence and If Presto wanted to bring her in , that is fine . Eric Moncada - Yes - Trading experience and desire to learn fundamental trading Sandy Wei-shan - No - little interest in trading
Is it possible for Power to be on our floor ?
I have interest
i want to continue to receive FERC updates
can we get this
excellent . We need daily reports that represents the volume that we could loose . The schedulers must know the proper rankings and cut procedures in a hurricane forms .
please print
yes
please total daily cuts for GDA and IF Thanks Hunter
please print
"US EIA not able to issue weekly U.S Nat Gas Storage data until 2004" - Pat Wood FERC Chairman , Reuters
Hunter Shively Jason Williams ( trading ) Andy Lewis Kevin Ruscitti Tom Donohoe Denver Plachy Martin Cuilla Geof Storey Jim Simpson
Central +800 East +1,100 Texas +1,200 West -200 Financial +4,000 ( mostly front ) total +6,900
storage model index meeting wellhead financial product
Kevin Ruscitti Pete Keavey Eric Bass
what is the latest ? Are we on schedule for 4,500,000 on Oct31 ?
Reliant Chicago Rob Pitts 713-207-1452 J Aaron Chicago Rita Nagel 212-902-3845 Bank of America NE Joe Grahman 212-836-5360 Williams NE Scott McKenna 918-573-3871
Heather Mathis
can we get this on the website ?
Reminder: PIRA Nat Gas update presentation Monday at 6:30 a.m . in 32C2
sure . Give me a call on the day that is best for you .
does this plan satisfy our needs ?
gas is ok
let me know when you get back
I thought I approved this .
These lists could change before the new company opens for business . Execute for all gas products , read only for power and access to stack manager: Hunter Shively Geof Storey Kevin Ruscitti Martin Cuilla Andy Lewis Jason Williams Jim Simpson Read only for all gas and power products: Laura Luce Patrice Thurston Bryant Frihart Russell Murrell
Hunter Shively Kevin Ruscitti Geof Storey Andy Lewis Martin Cuilla
Central Trading: Jason Williams is an associate Entertainment is too high for trading ( s/b about $15,000 )
fine with me
will be back today
as of 1/28 Hunter Shively Geof Storey Andy Lewis Jason Williams
Robert Ricks is a Lead Forecaster with the National Weather Service in New Orleans . He is interested in coming in to interview for the position . He indicated that next Tuesday or Wednesday would be the best dates for him . He is working midnight to 8am for the remainder of this week . He can be reached on his cell phone at any time...985-373-0608 or at home...985-875-0015 . His work number is 985-649-0429
Can the east trading and central trading swap areas ?
Grigsby would like to make an offer to Bob Badeer . If you are ok with extending him an offer I think we should offer the same terms as his Portland deal . Do you remember what we offered ?
agreed
Can someone do a study on the tariffs of major pipeline storage fields to determine which fields require that storage gas is withdrawn regardless of price . If not , how much to roll storage ?
Robert Ricks - Lead Forecaster NWS Slidell , LA Arriving on Tuesday or Wednesday for interviews Liz Taylor is coordinating travel plans Mike Gasper - Reliant forecaster , 10 years experience , Dave knows him from Accu-weather Dave Ryan is meeting with him this afternoon to determine if he will interview next week He has interest and asked that Dave call him this weekend about details . Chris Hyde - Earth Sat He has interest and asked that Dave call him this weekend about details . Matt Rogers - Earth Sat On vacation this week . Dave is going to call him on Monday Bill Read - Lead Forecaster NWS Houston He has interest and Jay is trying to set up an off site meeting for you or me . Kevin Stenson - Weather Channel Forecaster Friends with Steven Bennett He has interest and asked that Steve call him this weekend about details . I will attempt to gain access to him outside of Steve .
Since Zac opens a spot , Jason Jennaro is a good candidate .
Interview schedule: Do Greg and Louise want to interview ? John Lavorato Hunter Shively Dave Ryan Jay Reitmeyer Phillip Allen
If we have a full schedule . I will take him to lunch .
The data is the most accurate data on field receipts and well completions in the US . Chris believes that he can create an accurate production forecast model by basin and county . This would give us an edge in the overall and basis market .
P&L Responsibility Midcontinent Region Andy Lewis - Basis and Gas Daily Jason Williams - Cash trading and index Market Area Hunter Shively - Basis and Gas Daily Chicago Geof Storey - Basis and Gas Daily Michcon and Dawn Vladi Pimenov - Cash trading and Index ( no VAR ) Chicago Souad Mahmassani - Cash trading and Index ( no VAR ) Michcon and Dawn
The pipeline meeting with the UBS lawyers was moved to Friday at 3:00 . Power jumped ahead of us .
I would like to pursue this with Jay Webb . Do you support ?
will most likely reside on the east desk
Jay , Does your group have space ?
expense reports
did you grab Bennett's internet favorites ?
I do not know . I thought we were combining power and gas fundamentals IT .
Let's try this time on for size !
I would like to have the dollars subdivided into pools for each of my direct reports with about 10% of my pool reserved for my use . Can you help me with this ? I also understand that we are doing a handoff from Ben to Shanna for my support point , therefore I am sending this to both of you . For Ben: Where are we on the job description I sent
Do you have the same for the income side ?
FYI . This close date is of large significance to GPG as we are going to be asking management to wait an extra week for monthly info that ties out to the financials . This variance from what we thought was a "Common Design" is a huge deal , in fact the agreed upon close timing was a major consideration in getting agreement within GPG to go forward as it was an improvement that we could see had value . I agreed to and "stacked hands" with all on the "Common Design" , yet somehow there has been a failure to deliver the "Common Design" . I just want to make sure that the two of you are aware of my position on this issue .
I haven't heard back from Rebecca on this , but I'm sure she is busy . Do either of you care to answer my question below .
I didn't forget .
Do you still have the instructions for the wire to Compass Bank in the files ? I would like it wired there .
Here is the info: Bank: Compass Bank For credit to the account of Roderick J . and Kathleen R . Hayslett Thanks . I would like this done as soon as possible as I will be needing the funds at the end of the week . Rod Hayslett
Consulting Group that may be able to help with SAP stuff .
We will have to do project economics by pipeline as well as in total . A way to allocate costs however is to do so according to the benefits received . That way no one can argue that they didn't get the same deal . If the deal makes sense from a group standpoint , then it should make sense from an individual pipeline standpoint . Project economics need to be looked at in 2 ways . 1 ) The project economics on a stand alone basis and then 2 ) the more accurate approach of what does the project do to the entity ( the with and without approach) . The accounting return in the second approach has become actually the more important measure of success .
In order for me to effectively represent you at the ETS PRC and for some of you at the Accounting and Finance PRC's I will need some information from each of you . Please send the following to Kathy Campos who will put it together for me in a book . 1 . Copy of your goals for 2000 and the latest status . 2 . A list of accomplishments/things you are proud of this year , specifically indicate any involvement in the Associates/Analysts Program or the Recruiting Program . 3 . Copy of a Self Evaluation you completed in the PEP System . 4 . Your Supervisor will provide me with a Copy of a Preliminary Evaluation . I will need these by the 29th of November for those in the accounting and finance ranks . For all others I will need the input for the 13th of December .
FYI
All OK>
Please provide whatever assistance you can in getting info to Tracy to respond to the attached request .
A reminder of what was in the Enron goal presentation and what we did last year .
FYI
Please approve and forward for payment . Thanks .
I guess I would only request that we get some review put in front of ETS' new Risk Management Officer and his crew , Jerry Peters . I also understand that this is a part of the Revenue Management project .
I would think we can do the same as we do in Florida , which is similar to your suggestion . We did create a non-regulated affiliate to do the business in the name of , but that leaves the revenue in the venture and solves the fiduciary problem .
I still have a PRC tomorrow am , but will let Kathy know my status as I get closer to lunch .
FYI
This is a work in Progress .
Forgot the attachment . Here it is .
Hi Felicia , I would like to have one ( 1 ) AMEX gift certificate for $50.00 processed as soon as possible . Thanks , Rod
What is the deal ?
We are still working on the plane , and the answer is that the plane will be billed to the RC reserving it for the flight . If commercial wants to take it to a lower level than that it will be up to them to do so . It will take some actual doing on our side to make this happen , but it can be done . The budget will be taken care of in Planning as we go through the year . From an ETS point of view all of the plane is in Commercial or Executive ( Stan ) and so it should not be a problem to track the budget . Tracy has the point on this one . Jim Saunders: What do you know about the other comments ?
FYI . You got it !
Morris and Elaine are responsible for this area of the ETS world and as such should be there and hopefully will know what this is about . I have seen nothing on this proposal and probably will not be available , as I have a PRC on that date , out of the office .
Ultimately more definition , but for now , it's a good start .
I'm fine .
I would like to see the results of that method before we just agreed to do so .
Brasher Excellent Clements Strong Fenstad Satisfactory These are my thoughts based upon general knowledge of the year and some specifics for the last few months . A short discussion with Phil might lead me to believe that he would think I might be being too generous on Dave . What are your thoughts ?
FYI
The cash flows for 2001 are currently locked , but if we get a chance to adjust for carry forwards we will . Worst case is that the dollars will have to be reapproved as outside of the budget . Likely that we will be able to do some internal moving of dollars to compensate for this , but not guarenteed .
Any idea on when I can get your info ?
For Kathy: How many have been submitted ?
FYI . This was the detail provided to Sarabeth .
FYI . Brasher Excellent Clements Strong Fenstad Satisfactory Morris Brassfield
What were the individual participation rates by entity ?
This is an FYI , but I think that Insurance probably fits into Jerry's world .
I can't make it . I have another PRC to do .
Will he be having one the first tuesday of January , 1/2/01 ?
I will have both Jim Saunders and Jerry Peters in attendance .
FYI
Approved .
Approved .
We won't have a permanent place until sometime after the end of December .
Service agreements and construction jobs , as well as capital expenditure , obligate Enron and as a result the rules for RAC approval for commitments apply . Please get Denis or James involved on all appropriate deals . Thanks . Rod
FYI
It is not necessary . Other than Tracy , he would be the only one of the accounting and finance people there and Stan is trying to limit the attendance to the group necessary for the discussions .
I have been in discussions with them as well , and I don't think they have that flexibility . Who has actually been working on the move for you ? I will have Pam Daily from my Admin Team contact you for specifics .
Cash ?
First of all , why can't we do a deal with Northern Plain's , a wholly owned subsidiary ?
Sally: Where do I go inside Enron to get straight what it is that I need to do in order to be able to use the curves I am told that we need to be using ? Rod Hayslett
I understand now . Thanks .
What's the first day you have free for lunch ?
Yes , my mistake .
I missed you again . Sorry . Its for the am , can you make it ?
That would work well if I was trying to do projects , but I am trying to be able to utilize the curves in the business to measure VaR . We now use them for NNG & TW in the Caminus System , and want to do so for our other pipes as well .
Thanks .
I am in agreement with Tod on #1 . It's your call , but you should make the call on whether or not we will integrate it into Enron . If we do , then we will get Adam the help he needs , but it will be more efficient than providing stand alone support .
What is/was this meeting about ?
Too bad I can't be there . I have a staff meeting to run .
Not before you scheduled the meeting . Only as a result of it .
I would like Morris Brassfield and Carolyn Centilli to play this role .
Are you aware of where this is coming from ?
Do you have a candidate ? I would argue that we are looking at a process review , so anyone who can do a process review could do this .
Do you have a document signed by Stan authorizing the amount of dollars you need to spend ?
Ok , but make sure the documentation of the email follows the invoice for the payment , otherwise we will have to go back to him to appriove the payment . On the otherhand , there is no reason that a DASH can't be used for non-discretionary approvals as well , and if it doesn't have to go to RAC , then it doesn't .
I think we should have this discussion at Stan's staff meetings next monday .
Thanks . The date will probably have to move since the most recent events have some of us kind of hopping . I understand that you have raised your forecast of the 4th qtr , significantly . That's great . Looking forward to the simple explanation .
When: Thursday , October 25 , 2001 10:00 AM-11:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: here
What is driving the return of the cash ?
If we do this , we need to have both an internal group and an external group .
Mary Kay , Ray and Rob: Can you 3 help her out on 1 & 2 ? Tracy: Please handle 3 .
FYI
We have done it before , in fact it was the way all of the pipes were originally built , but not for short term stuff . Gavin Russo can probably help us with his property tax background . Lou , please try to get hold of Gavin or whomever he believes should take part in the discussion .
I am going to begin discussions with the banks as soon as we get the Phase 5 financing locked down . I would expect that we could have it in another month , unless I run into some kind of a buzz-saw out there , and I'll let you know as soon as I do .
These would be in the debt tests performed for the lenders . Do you know the answers ?
I am assuming that by now you know that I am pledging my receivables into the secured deal Dan Boyle is working on .
Does this cost center get allocated or direct charged ? Please get back to Morris for me .
FYI
I think Kathy has a new one out for the 7th .
In the covenants of the debt agreements . If it's not a test in the lenders package , then it is not in the deal .
Need to get you 2 talking to LORI , I don't see much of a problem in going along with the EOTT valuation . It's their asset now .
Please fix .
Great start .
The first problem is finding the time and money to do something and given everything else that is going on , right now is not the best time to be spending some money . To get the outside contractor taken care of we would have to let GSS find us a party to do the work , so you might want to be thinking of other parties who might be qualified to do the work .
I guess I need some more definition . If I am creating a new group and I have nobody in it , this doesn't make sense . Can I get some definitions to go over this with Stan ? I am having some trouble with this concept , I guess , as it doesn't appear to make any sense . Why wouldn't we give these groups 0 authority since we don't use them . I also think we need to make some changes to the rest of the schedule . Especially at the top .
What is this about ?
FYI
Peters and Saunders should probably be in attendance , but not required .
I will be attending .
This is a test for the blackberry . Rod Hayslett
Rod Hayslett
Thanks ! Rod Hayslett
We will need a Unanimous Consent to make Kevin an Officer of the pipes , title should just be Vice President . I think given the discussions over the weekend it would be good to do so effective last friday . Thanks . Rod Hayslett
I have a DSL connection and sometimes it takes as long as 3-4 minutes to load the page . Is there anything that can be done to improve the speed ? Rod Hayslett
Thanks .
What is the purpose of this meeting ?
Are we still waitning on some info here ?
If I could get something as simple as Lost Time , vehicle accidents , or such I would appreciate it .
I have asked Corporate where it will be reported in the 4th qtr , if it's not going to be reported as wholesale then there is no real reason to bother Wes .
What is the purpose of this meeting ? I may not be able to make it .
FYI Rod Hayslett
Don't count on me .
Where do you intend to have that meeting ?
I am getting ready to announce that I am bringing Kevin Howard into EGS as Vice President of Finance and Transaction Support . Thinking about the current organization , do think it appropriate to consider putting Ms Fischer in his organization ? The kind of things she is doing for you currently are similar to the kind of things we are going to have Kevin working with Corp on . I will be putting into his organization the economic analytic talents and special projects people from the pipeline group as well as some others . We will not be charging out these costs into the specific commercial units , but instead expect them to generate the ideas and value to pay for themselves . His group will be providing services to all , but I am willing to carve out some priorities . Rod Hayslett
Its fine
Moved to the 7th .
I will keep it on the calendar but cannot promise anything at this point in time .
Will Keith Marlowe be in attendance ?
Not as far as I know .
Don't know .
FYI
Looks like there may have been a little confusion here , but it appears that the deal is still working as before .
Not at this time . I think as long as Enron is performing , I'm not sure why there is all of this noise .
I have already approved and forwarded .
Yes and yes , but it will take me another day or so for the announcement
I think the biggest problem is that where are we going to get the funds for that ?
FYI
Let's forward to the ETS Officer's for review/comments to be discussed monday am .
I think the real problem right now is that until the current crisis is over we need to reduce all calls for cash of any type to only those necessary to make cash today .
And we will give you something stating or reaffirming our deal , if that is deemed to be necessary . It will be worth the paper it is written on at the moment it is written , but means nothing 1 second later , and that's the problem with these kind of things . I guess my concern is what good will it do anyone ? I don't think it's a problem to get , however I do believe we would want to get V&E's opinion at the time we wanted it , that it was necessary/required .
Probably need additional review by someone now , given the current situation . What do you think ?
Agreed . By the way we are very close to a deal and therefore a press release shortly thereafter .
Can you please get with Roger and make sure we understand what needs to be done ?
I am trying to get a decision , but I think we need to maintain flexibility , if at all possible .
Still want to try and get it done this year . Per Stan this am . Cash is king for now and we need thepricing to get the rest of the cash . If it has to be pushed to next year , that works , but if it can be done it needs to be .
FYI .
I have forwarded to kelly
I will handle this afternoon
Understood
tHANKS .
What can we do about getting this done ?
FYI
I am not sure , I just am being a little overly cautious about making changes that someone at corporate may not be aware of .
Can someone send us a synopsis of the changes in the plan and what the expected impact on NP and NBP services comapny is ?
Do you have a history with Hughes ?
Understood , that's what I thought this was .
FYI
FYI
How do we get this loop closed ? Is this a meeting ?
Let Warren and Tom know that this is a critical .
I would be happy to do so . Do you have a preference , or Lawrence do you have a preference as to how this is handled ? Should someone from the pipes be in the bank meeting , for moral support , if not for the steel .
Do you have his number ?
Was there a plan here , like you guys decided to not pay , or was this just overlooked ?
FYI
Are these any of our floors ?
Explain what you are looking for ?
Agreed .
Make sure they are current .
FYI
As you can see we are working to get our floors covered .
Sally: Can you help me figure out who I need to talk to to get the deals we did with you as ECT back in 1999 , modified ?
Here is my shot at it .
Jim should call with aphone number so that I don't ave to over there Please send me an email to let me know
Thanks
Hole is unlikely , but is a real weak point in any sales discussion .
Please forward to kevin howard .
Call Luitgard Fischer
Cancel me out of lunch and any other meetings tomorrow . Rod Hayslett
Agree
FYI
Can you give me a quick definition of the frequency rates ( formula please) ?
Thanks .
I'm here
I agree . Let's go .
Who will sign theses ?
I agree with Jim . FERC has not issued an order yet .
I am just now leaving the office , I hope . Rod Hayslett
To the best of my knowledge , there are no market studies or other documents that have been prepared that appear to meet the requirements of 4c Drew: Can you think of anything we may have done while you were in Omaha that might fit this request ?
I think there is still the possibility that , just like has happened to El Paso , that Enforcement could still open the case since FERC is still out trying to find a way to get us . It is true that the ALJ did not help them out , but that decision is not binding upon the commission . Neither Stan , Drew or I are comfortable yet that we have the win . We are pleased with the ALJ decision , but know that the ALJ did not get to the answer the Commission intended .
Has Cheryl seen the stuff ? Need to get her and Jerry on board as well .
Just catch Cheryl up then on the changes .
That works for me . I will attempt to answer some of Heather's questions as well .
Reclass both please
What do you think ?
Yes
You might say that we are lending the Money to Enron and therefore are now looking further than nng and tw
Just send the package to kevin , we just need backup , not pesentations
Unless you can think of a reason why not it makes it simpler , I think .
Where are you ?
Can you help ?
I think that is the right answer
I will not make the cio mtg at 1
I am un available for the 1 pm meeting . I like Nick and Everett
Please send to gary smith
Bring whole thing if this is the notee agreement with ENE
I am in 50M if you need me .
Still tied up
When do we review with el paso ?
Need before board meeting
No
All three .
Can you guys take care of this part ?
Do you want me to attend the meeting at 11:00 in 32C2 ? Rod Hayslett
On the other deal , they are back to total capital expenditures and not just expansion dollars . I will need you to resurrect your language on the gas for Mitch tomorrow .
There is no fair value .
There is fair value , and you can figure it out by comparing the Form 2 with the GAAP financials .
See comment below .
I will attend .
That was the discussion late last night
Robert Guthrie
Can you help me out here ? I don't know what the purpose of the language is but I think from a purist point of view that it is accurate .
FYI
Drew is correct , but we can tell them where we want the money wired .
If you want us to pursue getting this cash directly to ENE we will be happy to try .
None that I am aware .
we will get it handled . CAn you send out the notice that the dates are changing and we will have to reschedule before you leave ?
I am up with STAN if you need me .
You're right .
If it keeps going the way it is now there is a possibility .
All spending that can be delayed needs to be delayed . I want to make it clear that items for health , safety , security and reliability that need to be spent will be spent , if necessary , but all other spending needs to be slowed down as much as possible and delayed until further notice . This is a directive I have just received from Stan . Rod Hayslett
What was the original question ?
This message was sent earlier today to the finance/accounting/operational support people in the group to make them aware that we are in need of slowing down the cash outflow . Your assistance in this regard is important to the success of preserving capital at this critical time .
OK
Got me to thinking , how are you guys doing ? Where are you in the cash management world ? I know you were tight before , is the situation any better ?
I nee to go to stans office apologize to steve dowd for me
On my way down
Please handle
THe enron situation has slowed down the process as we have not been able to get a clean OK from the SEC to go forward as yet .
I will work with her and Dan to try and figure out a better solution in the short term . Now that some space is available from the moves to the new building , it is possible that there is a better place to move to for a period of time .
CAll Stan when you get in probably closer to 7 our time .
Comments below .
Sounds like they have a deal already .
What do you think we should focus on for the crew ? Attached is a data sheet that I would like to keep up as things change . Rod Hayslett
Was it an actual downgrade or just that they wouldn't agree not to do so ?
Basically yes
Will get back to you .
FYI
The $550 of debt that is in the calcualtion assumes we borrow the 550 next week . Otherwise there is only 17 or so there .
FYI
I apologize for the confusion but the interviews are being cancelled at this time . Thank you for your patience and assistance in getting us ready to go .
Do you have ( or bob ) copies of nng's debt agreements , current ?
Please do . I'm in 49c1 . I think there are 3 deals
Not currently under consideration , in fact would be a problem
Tracy and jim are trying to track down 6 more copies . Could you see where this stands ? We are in 49c1
Don't know
5ravis is in charge .
Can you bring these to 49c1 ?
Not yet
Please call . 36178
Thanks .
May as well cancel .
Only Kevin and his assistant , no one else .
FYI
FYI
Which company ?
Where do you stand on this stuff now ? For everyone , if we are going to get this done , we need things taken care of . If there is a problem you need to let us know ASAP !
Rod Hayslett
What gives ?
OK
Would you 2 think about those who helped us so we can attempt to get some award to those who really helped us out here .
I had specifically taken this deal to Jeff for approval , and he had decided to not go forward at that point in time . I would like to get a review with Stan and Jeff to decide . Rod
Brokerage accounts . Do you have copies of the agreements ? Both TW and NNG .
I would like contact info on you and your key players , just in case . I don't think I will need much accounting help before monday . Thanks Rod
FYI
I'm ok , deal is not quite announced . Hope you are having a good time .
Do you have volumes and rates info to go with the NNG current estimate and the 2002 plan ? If not you , can you get for me ?
Any news ?
What's going on ?
Thank you !
Have you talked to Somerholder ?
Agreed !
We plan on reviewing with Stan on monday . Previously he had left it up to Jeff who had said no to .
Kathy , I love you Rod
It,s an entity set up to handle nng's and TW's cash . Through this account cash flows to corp . Joel will handle this .
I have a request , AA has asked if we can repay the notes to the pipes, . Not actually , but realistically from business unrelated to the pipes . They may want to discuss with you .
Yes . They want us to record the amounts loaned , normal loans , as a reduction of equity , if ENE does not currently have the ability to repay from either cash or other assets or credit capability . They do not want to count the 1.5B or the bank loans since they will simply increase the size of the notes . They are specifically concerned about the current intercompany notes .
The party at AA is Roger Willard 713 646 6360
The party at AA is Roger Willard 713 646 6360 if you feel up to trying to convince him . Rod
Why is there a note showing NNG as a borrower from Enron ?
We will keep trying
FYI
There is no need to get into a discussion with AA at this point .
any updates ?
There are definitely issues here and we will have to deal with them for sure . I will let you know when there is document to review so that we can get moving .
I have none
WE are following the issue and I believe INGAA is going to be filing somethiong that we have had input on .
FYI
Are you aware of any ? I'm not ?
MAybe the language should be "redeem" .
I would like to but we may have to put it off until next week . I am currently working weird hours trying to get the $1B of debt closed and funded . I will get back to you .
Approved .
Are moving our IT support into our world ? Will Nick need to replace him ?
I am OK , as long as the budget dollars are available to do it .
We will propose to Stan and see where we are at that time . If it was this week , the answer would probably be no .
I am only concerned about moving IT types into our world that were previously in Nick's world if the job responsibilities move with them . Sounds like this is not the case , so I am OK .
Here it is , it is not yet in final form .
Maybe overkill , I would rather send them an email talking about the problems , and they have to let you 2 know when they going to use a space , and how they can coordinate stuff with you 2 instead of dictating . I am little touchy right now about how to approach people , so we need to be careful . I am open to more discussion on this , just would like to soften the tone a litlle .
Let me talk to Stan when he gets back to town . Lou and I need to discuss with him , and we are a little occupied with the credit agreement stuff .
FYI
What do you think of this ?
Can you help us here ? For Mariella and Jeff: Has this divestiture been to RAC ? It will need to go , and probably sonner rather than later .
Lance Schuler will help us deal with board issues related to the merger .
We need your help ASAP .
I think it would be OK , but you might want to check with Stan .
I have .
OK
Does this really have to be done ? It's probably too late now , but we really do need to watch our spending for awhile . I would like to coordinate moves through our move people either Ruth Ann Frausto ( 3AC ) or Pam Daily ( EB ) so I can keep up with space as well as costs that are coming down the pike .
FYI
Are you still going to be making a presentation ?
This staff meeting is monday at 9:30 in 3AC .
I don't know but I need you to call me ( i'm at work ) and check your email for one I just sent out .
Does this make us feel better ?
I would like each of you to help take ownership of this project to be fully able to explain the trends on these sheets . I would also like to begin to add 2001 3rd CE to this discussion as soon as possible . Accounting quite possibly has the answers , but I want to get this documented as soon as possible so that we understand the changes and don't have to go back and do this again . This is not a project that will be complete by friday , but it does need to get complete this year .
I think I feel better , but I would like some comfort from the lawyer in the crew .
Be on the look out .
Yes I did
Approved
We're there given his response .
Won't be able to make it . Sorry .
Stan called back and explained . We need to do 100% and begin to look at dollars that could be saved . This is an estimating process to figure out if we can effectively reduce our spending and by how much and then what portion of that benefits Enron .
No , but thank you foroffering
If you need me I'm in the cafeteria for 5 minutes
Are you aware of this ?
Is this a place that is big enough to handle some extras ?
I was actually thinking only about the people in Morris's Brassfield's crew ? But he should now about already , as he supports Phil .
No , I'm working on the credit agreement .
Thanks .
Talk to Steve , but I think he is working on a reliability issue that probably needs to handled , but may be able to be done over a period instead of all at once . I really don't know , but he will .
I believe so
It's an informal get together that shouldn't last more than about an hour . I want to make sure you all have access to info and we can share concerns etc .
I think what the partnership values it does not have to have a relationship to what we value it at . Jim ?
Thanks . Great job .
Do you have any critical people that you are afraid you will lose because of the merger ? How about a group ? Rod Hayslett
The meeting will at the most last a little more than an hour or 2 . Nothing special to prepare for .
No reason to be other at this point .
where did you get this ?
FYI
I will approve the posting subject to the condition that it be internal only at this time .
I will submit that that may be the case today . I am only concerned that when the situation changes that we will not be willing to discuss the opposite and the question still remains as to what the form 2 ( regulatory ) will require .
I'm about to return to the office to see it . About 15minutes .
Listen to voice mail forwarded from Jim
This is fine .
How about sending it out from me .
Is the same true for the current estimate ?
That is understood . He will be taking Glisan's position which had the same restrictions on it . I don't plan on giving him any data other than daily cash positions and forecasted cash positions . There would be no purpose in giving him E&F data . By the wya , Kevin needs to do the Marketing Affiliate stuff .
Aren't you being a little rough on her on a problem that really doesn't make any difference to Dynegy ?
FYI
Per you request: Also make sure that Jeff Sommers added his name to his list . There is a separate wind retention program . I am not aware of the EEOS situation currently , Keith Marlow has been out of town . Management Rod Hayslett* Jim Saunders* Tracy Geaccone* John Cobb* Bob Chandler* Lisa Sutton+ Patty Wiederholt* Dan Fancler+ Tim Bayles+ Frank Carriere+ Jennifer Lev+ Financial System Support Greg Lewis* Staff Kim Bragg+ Daniel Pham+ Debbie Moseley+ Mark Walton+ Rudy Elizondo+ Vince Strohmeyer+ Traci Rainbow+ Joe Villela+ Maria Cisneros+ Allen Joe+ Donna Burns+ Greg Schlender+ *Very Critical +Critical
If necessary I can go . I will need to be in Houston on Wednesday am .
I'm on board .
No , because they are in networks .
FYI . I understand Jim needs Tom Meers to review # 17
Are you OK ?
I want to make sure that we are looking out for our people at this point in time . If there is someone who is having a particular problem , now is a time to be comforting . I also want to make sure that we are doing everything in our power to reduce spending . If you have a vacancy , now may be the time to consider do you really have to fill that job right now . Rod Hayslett
As to P6 , it is in the budget for next year , but we want to start this year . Timing is never perfect .
Do we want to tighten these up somewhat ?
Sounds reasonable to me .
Great Ideas .
Talk with Jim
CAn you 2 help her out here ? I believe the footnotes probably cover it , but to the extent you have more , it would be helpful .
I am at the lake . 936 597 3905
If you already have forwarded the memo please pass along the warning and ask them not to forward again .
Are you sure I don't need to be there ?
OK . If I leave here I will call your cell so you know how to reach me .
Better than most recently .
That is one of the things we are working on . At this point in time Dynegy will be responsible for this debt , if theyexercise their rights under the preferred stock agreements , which would leave them with common pledged to the lenders . The price they paid recognized the debt was there , if it is not there , the price will be higher . Suffice it to say all of these things will be tken care of before it funds .
Yes . When things get speculative the language always gets scary .
I am leaving the lake . Use cell for next 40 minutes and then use home if you need me . Remember blackberry doesn't work so well at home
Hi . I'm sitting in the airport waiting on the plane . Going to New York tonight and will be home tuesday night . Hope you guys are doing fine . Sure was good talking to you this am . Love , Dad
Thanks .
Good morning . I am staying at the W Hotel Room 1716 I have my cell phone and my ! lackberry so I can get email . I should be back in te office on wednesday . Rod
Can you please review and get back to Tim ?
Where do you want to meet to walk over there ? Do you want to eat lunch somewhere before ?
I willnot be able to attend .
Where do you want to meet to go over there ? Is it far ?
We're on the way .
Probably can handle monday pm . Will get with you wednesday but feel free to schedule anything after 12:00 .
Not yet . There are still some remaining issues to be sorted out .
Got it .
No , at least not to my knowledge .
If you need asignature fax it to the hotel .
Do you know anything ?
As you can see not everybody is always on board .
I intend to distribute something this week
Should be fine
Can you send me an invitation for the 2 meetings on monday in outlook ? I ca then accept and get it on my calendar in the office
The issue is that in order to sell the units there is a public disclosure of the units being in rawhide which may have some more issues . A 13d filing is required . If we want to sell then we need to file and wait .
I'm on my way back there to do so .
Love
Your welcome
I would think that if they pay in advance it should not be a problem ,
Great job
What will happen to this project . Alaska ?
What is going on ?
Anything exciting going on today ? We are proceeding witha great reception so far . We did 4 meetings yesterday and have 4 more today and one more by phone tomorrow . Going well here .
Yes I will be back tonight
Thanks . What is the mood ?
Things are ok . Have a Happy Thansgiving
I'll try
Probably willbe working
Ok I'm fine
However you would have to agree that we have some level of control over the GP .
No , he is in fact commercial doing deals negotiating transactions of significant size , 2.5 B this year alone .
Go for the dollars
Ok I asked gary to have you decide on Michael . I think he is utility player that can fil several roles , but if your tEam won't need help , I'm not sure if I need him .
I wasanswering Janet's comment
GP is general partner in NB
Any news
I agree . I told Gary you could make the call .
I'm on plane . If you need me to call tonight leave me an email or phpne mail and I will call when I get in .
Hi
FYI
did you get mine ?
Let me , as well as others , know the outcome .
Since we are no longer using Maverix , that guarantee can be done away with . Are the rest all really with Enron ? In the underlying deals do we have any ability to ask for better than a guarantee if enron is downgraded ?
FYI
Outside of normal business lines is outside of the pipelines and therefore is not subject to being an issue here .
This would be an Enron deal . And we just have to get over the hurdles here .
Before we can sell the units need to be registered .
FYI
Can you help us out here from what you know ? I do not believe you can loan money to Enron . Have you filed to be able to make the special dividend ?
Just forget about it , the company will not be reimbursing for attendance this year .
You need to begin thinking about what we could do here if we were asked to reduce staffing to save money ?
I do not intend to approve reimbursement by the company for attendance .
If we have already signed up and can,t get the money back then spread the word that is ok
I agree with Morris
I agree with Morris . Little value to the pipes
Not very good . There will besome better news later today
Call Bob Butts
Is there any way to just reduce the expenses for now
Can you do the gallup contracts as well
Need to watch closely
I'm back
Let's make sure we have all bases covered and telephone tree in place . I need your home cell or whatever
FYI
Great job !
Yes for sure .
The same to you and yours .
I have forwarded to Stan and agree with your perspective . Could you begin to think about who those people might be if we decided to do something ?
Assume afudc as 100% debt at 6%
Do you have this data ?
Thanks .
The data is actually aggregated and netted , the specific deal data is not provided . The detail he described might be the aggregate of 40 deals at that point none of which may directly relate to transportation deals . See the bolded data below . The example given basically says I am in a position of having more gas at Ventura in January 2002 than I have commitments to sell by 10 MMCF/d . Did you understand that ?
I received these comments this afternoon from JPMorgan . I need to have some help putting together a story to counteract the basics of this story from CERA . Rod
Approved .
Remember this is for the equity piece and thery are looking at it for the longer term .
This is very confidential at this point in time . Do not forward . Be prepared to discuss the job that each does and what we need to do to be able to transition early monday am if not before . Call me . This is what I am trying to reach you about . The assumed time frame for this is next week . My numbers are as follows: try this one first: 936-597-3905 or my cell: 713-201-6135 Happy Thanksgiving , Rod
FYI this is the list we are currently working on related to EEOS .
Probably a monday meeting of some of our marketing types to work on this one .
Red rock capacity is 107,000
Here is the message
I haven't heard back from Steve at all . Do you have anumber for him ?
We will be doing a confernce call tomorrow am @ 10:00 our time with JP Morgan 877-382-9541 passcode 473270 to answer some of the questions , especially the CERA questions .
We have the data
Ok with me .
Is Kathy here ?
I will not be available
Tell her to get my expense report done
What happened to the guy with the paper to sign ?
She just came
FYI
FYI
FYI
CAn you give me something that can be used to estimate the fuel available for sale ?
Here is the basic info on the other projects discussed on the phone the other day .
Probably need Rob and Mary Kay by phone .
be right there .
Probably need to check with H R group providing services
What is the purpose of this ?
What do you think about Tracy and Jim ?
More TW info .
Info on generating plants in cal and southwest
FYI
I'm in Stan's office
What is in the plan ?
Stan,s office
Capital for red rock between 2001 and 2002
Canyou get me detail then on the capital for the 2 years ?
Do you still need me to sign something
What would you like me to do ?
I think you got an old list and should have taken my name off .
Can you attend this one for me ? They are working on the sale of our interest in the Trailblazer Pipeline . Sounds like a reasonable deal to me .
FYI
Probably . Please call Kathy Campos to get on my calendar . the margins for 2001 and 2002 are not the same and I didn't think we had 2001 in the other model in detail . Existing includes Gallup , and it will be nearly imposiible to identify it as separate because there have been some changes to the original contracts for Gallup . You can try , but now you are talking about getting into parts of contracts . You have to remember it was an expansion , not a separate system and therefore there is no way to track the flows after the fact .
What do you have to backup the 2001 and 2002 revenue projectoions for NNG ?
They took bids and I think have an offer of about $60 MM or so . Michael: What do you know about this one ?
I have asked Kevin to sit in on this one for me . Trailblazer on wednesday am .
I am having trouble getting this to you . So I am trying again . Also do you have any inventory that could be sold that is not encumbered already . Trying to think about what could be done to improve your cash in the short term .
I have asked and will let you know the answer later today . The bigger question is that they can not loan money to Enron and can only dividend , so if they can do something to raise the cash , they still can't get it out any more out than they can by dividending . The other problem is that they are running into cash problems themselves since they were in the process of going to the bond markets when all of this occurred , and were advised to wait . Their receivables from California are part of the problem . More update later .
Is the cost center in question allocated or direct charged ? The corporate Enron Corp Business Controls cost center .
You can use my office but I may not be here .
Why do our numbers look so high in the 4th quarter and then fall off so much ? We have to get a better handle on all of this and fast .
I could probably do by phone and may be here .
Either Robert Guthrie or greek Rice .
The deal with the Banks is being held up by Paribas to get a cross-netting agreement with Enron . I understand we have agreed and the documentation could be done as early as today . Bill Bradford is working on this one . So it's up to Enron to fix the problem at this point in time . PAribas releases and we get the agreement in place and we can start moving these LC's .
This position is truly needed in Omaha to provide support as Patty suggests . I only wish there was a way to move someone from here to there .
What is the next step at this point in time ?
no
We probably need to get this stuff in the hands of a few more people to make this work smoothly .
Do you have anyone from Accounting ? Saunders ?
The 2 of you should probably listen in on this stuff to make sure you don't have some of the info needed
OK
You should plan on attending the meeting then tomorrow with Kevin . It's 9-10 in Stan's Office .
Can not do a 1:00 unless we can get done before 1:25
YOu need to attend this one . Kevin: you may also want to attend .
they put it in the system as me , but I've told them it was you .
How soon can you add things like payroll to the picture? .
I believe at this point in time I can support this request . I also believe that Jim does not have the capacity currently to absorb .
you may need to attend for continuity reasons .
I will need someone to cover EEOS , can you do that or should Keith ? what about Portland ?
We are getting it . It is in Omaha . Steve: Can we speed this up ?
I called him . Dana is printing out from the data base , and it will probably take an interpreter
Get with Dot
What enron entity owns the EOTT gp ?
Sounds fine to me .
Check and find out forme ? Is that EOTT or the company that owns it ?
For TW . Can you help me here ?
I have not reviewed , but need you to get into this , please feel free to call Tracy 37372 .
If I needed to change the account that bills were to be paid into for this necxt billing cycle can it be done , for TW and NNG . Rod Hayslett
Is 4:00 in 47c2 ?
Next time ask Jim to call me .
I think that we are already well underway on TW's red rock and were not expexting to use external capital for . No other major projects underway . That are impacted by enron's situation .
Sent to 8
This is the crew .
This is the crew . Do we know what we need ?
We are also doing a due diligence all day thursday with dynegy on NNG
I think you need to coordinate with Kevin Howard and Drew Fossum . I will be out of the office tomorrow .
Can't we identify the impacts of the non nng stuff in the financials ?
Good to know that the FERC cares !
Explain vs redo .
Make sure you keep Dot and Drew in the loop on this stuff
I meant to try and explain , not to redo . Only as a last resort<ould we wantto redo
For what reibursement
I guess . I will need to have my memory refreshed
Agreed . Don't make it harder than it needs to be
Itwas in a yellow interoffice envelope , real yellow , not the regular manila colored .
Just sitting around .
What is te stock price doing ? Has there been any announcements on the Dynegy deal ?
I will likely not be available .
Just make sure you work with Kevin he made need assistance
Please send tomy direct reports . While I am out of the officetoday please keep Kevin Howard up to speed on what you see and hear . He is leading the effort in our areas during this time of stress/crisis for me .
I just told kathy to send an email tomy direct reports . I will resend to you
Tell everyone to calm down and get their work done . Then they should go home . I know it doesn't help much , but I'm not sure what you can tell everyone at this point .
Not even in yet
Well I guess from what is taking place that dynegy has backed out of the deal .
If the reimbursement doesn't show up then there is no offset and the dollars spent should end up in rate base . Isn't that about the way it could happen ?
You too . Make sure you tell Paul I said Hi . Kevin
I need your LA address . I'm sure I have it some place but I can't find it . How's everything going ? How's Rena ? Are you heading home for the holidays or staying in LA ? Also , if you have Lowery's address and phone # could you forward it . Thanks , Kevin
Dude , What's your work # . I need to give you a call . Kevin
I received the email . Thanks ,
If I understand you correctly , it may depend to an extent on season basis differentials as well . Why don't you give me a call so I could better understand what you're trying to do . Kevin
Davis , Let me know if this helps .
Joke , huh ?
That is if you ever get you LLC set up . Look forward to trading with you in KR
Great to hear from you . I'm glad you accepted the offer - I'm sure you'll enjoy you're experience at Enron . Good luck during your final semester . Kevin
Anne Marie , Unfortunately , it doesn't look like I'll be able to interview at UCLA on the Keep me in mind for next time though . Kevin
Great to hear from you . Things have been going well in Houston . Lisa is working for Johnson Controls . It must be a long time since we've talked b/c she's been with Johnson for about 5 months . I love my new job - I'm trading gas up in the Midwest market area - Illinois and Michigan . Things have been incredibly busy . The wedding plans have changed considerably . As I'm sure you can relate to , the stress of planning combined with the input of so many others have made us decide to have a wedding with only our folks there and not even have a reception . We figured we could put the money toward a house and save a lot of anger , frustration and stress . How's the job , new house , and Terri doing ? Have you been to many Bears games ? The Scarlet Knights have been so inconsistent this year . I think a lot is due to their youth . Let's talk soon . Kevin
Great to hear from you as always . It'll be great to have you back in the states . By the way , I attached a copy of the boys . I hope it comes across OK . Talk to you soon . Kevin
Leroy , Thanks for the email . Sorry it took so long to get back to you - I actually am just catching up with my emails now - Friday at 5pm . I'm interested in talking to you about the lunch discussion . Kevin
You gotta get more current jokes . That one's been floating around for quite some time now . How's everything in SF ? Have you moved into your new office ? KR
Congratulations! ! I couldn't be happier for you two . How's Rena feeling - probably relieved , huh ? Thanks for the call with the news . We were out for the day , that's why didn't get back to you . I'll try you today . Kevin P.S . Great Name
I hope that didn't surprise you . You notice that our avg GMATs are stronger than Harvards .
Dave , It was great getting a chance to finanlly meet the other night . Hope you enjoyed dinner . Since then , I've been thinking abt some of our conversation re: the PBR . I have a quick question - why wouldn't you under withdraw in Feb and over withdraw in Mar if Mar is currently higher than Feb . You could lock this in by buying Mar forward . Also , what happens if you withdraw in Mar and the Summer peaks higher than what you withdrew at ? How is this accounted for ? I'll talk to you after you get back from Houston . Kevin
Congrats Murli , Sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you . I'm glad you accepted a job at Enron . I know you'll enjoy it . As far as ECI goes , what group is this ? Is this the Communications group ? I would not recommend EES however . I think you're experience would be better at ECT ( now ENA ) or Enron Communications . Give me a call at 713-853-6320 ( W ) and we can talk . Also I'm still in an apt so I don't know any real estate brokers to refer you to . Talk to you soon . Kevin
Kevin Ruscitti Gas Trading ( Central ) Hunter Shively Long Term Origination , Power Structuring Gas Trading is my final rotation . This is my permanent position . If you have any questions , call me at X3-8530 . Thanks , Kevin Ruscitti
We'd love to go to the opener . Let's talk Monday . I don't know if I'll be able to get downstairs by 11:00am , so let's work something out . Kevin
Chump , Long time no hear . Sorry it's taken me so long to touch base with you . Between work , the wedding , and the fact that we just purchased a house ( pending inspections ) I've been pretty stressed . As far as the wedding goes Lisa and I have decided to scale down considerably . We're only going to have immediately family and the folks in the wedding party . For me that includes you of course , Moller , Kampy and Peremes ( even though she won't be in the wedding) . Don't tell her though , she's the only one I haven't mentioned anything to . I'll make sure you and Moller get to share a room . I feel kinda bad about not inviting Lowery since I was in his wedding , but I don't feel like dealing with Kim . She's really annoyed me the last few times I've seen her . We still plan on having it at the B&B in Long Beach Island . We'll have a catered dinner for about 45 folks . It should be more manageable and cheaper this way . Do you have the exact date when you'll move back to the states ? I'm psyched you'll be a lot closer . You could swing over to Houston and check out the new house . By that time we should have it in decent shape . We bought the ugliest , most beat-up house on the block . It definitely needs a lot of work . We'll be busy for the next year working on it . I think when it's done , it'll look pretty cool . Anyway , send me an email and let me know how everything's going and when you'll be back . Take care and tell Marie we said hi . Kevin
That would be great . Let me know so I could get tix to a ballgame if the Astros are in town that weekend . I'm going to the game next Monday to see McGwire and the Cards . Glad to hear everything's going well . I got a call from Peremes on Saturday . She heard I got engaged and was pissed I didn't tell her . I think she's smoking serious crack 'cause I told her when I talked to her about 6 mos . ago . I guess she just chose to ignore me as usual . Talk to you soon . KR P.S . We just closed on a house this past Friday . It's in need of some serious work . Hopefully it'll be habitable by the time you see it .
Kelly , I spoke with my friend and he mentioned that Michael was already talking to 2 firms and he didn't want to recommend a third at this time . I told him that if anything changes , let me know . It was worth a try anyway . I'll talk to you soon . Kevin
We should be in town that week . I'll make sure we save the date . Kevin
We will be in town . It would be great to see you and Marie . Sorry for the delayed response , I seem to check my emails around once every 2 weeks . I hope you could make it out . I'll check into some things to do . Let me know . Kevin
Thanks for the picture . I'm glad you guys like the gift . Luke looks just like Rena , huh ? As far as Ricigs goes , I don't have his phone # or address . I think Moller does though . Let me know if you need his # . Take care and tell Rena and Luke we said hi . Kevin
Debra , Could you call me when we're set to trade w/ Cinnabar ? Thanks for your help , I appreciate it . Kevin
Did you pull the trigger ?
Still waiting to hear back about your possible visit . Any word ? Kevin
Do you have your schedule yet ? Let me know as soon as you can . I need to schedule a trip with work and I'll schedule it around your visit . Looking forward to seeing you . KR
I'll be in town all weekend . Looking forward to seeing you . Anything in particular you want to do in the Lone Star State . KR
Everything is correct except from my location - 3234B . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks , Kevin
Thanks
Unfortunately there're not . I already checked .
I have no additional info . I was waiting to hear back from you . I'll give them a call . Kevin
Thank you . Kevin
I forgot , we have a new telephone # ( 713 ) 880-4157 . I'll pick you up on Thursday and I'll take Friday off . Looking forward to seeing you . KR
You're correct , I am saddened to see such a great x-Philly treated so poorly . I often look back with wonder at how much ground Stocker would cover at the shortstop position , not to mention his tremendous power for a man of such small stature . He could only be compared to x-Philly and future hall of famer - Ivan DeJesus . The only uncertainty is whether or not Ivan will elect to be inducted under the Philly or Cubs uniform . On the house front , we purchased one and moved in at the beginning of May . It's a fixer-upper . All our weekends are spent working on it . I gotta run , but thanks for the email . Let me know how everything is going in your world . Tell Rina and the kids we said hi . Kevin
Thanks for the update . Let me know when everything is a go .
Any word . I've been waiting for a while on this issue . Kevin
Thanks . Is there something I could do to facilitate the process . KR
Good to hear from you . The name of the jeweler is William Crescent and his phone number is ( 708 ) 418-5075 . He is located in Lansing IL and his address is 18049 Torrence Ave Lansing , IL 60438 Let him know I recommended him and if he doesn't remember me tell him I was referred by Greg Penmann and Mike Curry . They both bought their engagement rings from Bill . He's a pretty cool guy so just tell him what your looking for in terms of cut , clarity , color , and carat . He'll receive a number of stones that fit your description and describe them over the phone . He should encourage you to shop his prices . I found him to be very competitive . Let me know how it goes . Are you available to meet next Tuesday afternoon around 4pm . Let me know . Kevin
Please send me a few recommended B&Bs and restaurants . Thanks for your help . Kevin My email at home is kruscitti@aol.com ( I think) .
Sounds great . Let me know what your schedule is like . Kevin
Let's shoot for 6:30am on Friday . I should be able to meet for about 15 minutes . Let me know if this works for you . Kevin
Thanks for the gift certificate . You shouldn't have done that . I'm heading to San Francisco tomorrow for 5 days . I'll talk to you when I get back . Kevin
Angela , I'm not looking for another rotation . I will be staying in NG trading and will hopefully be getting promoted this PRC session . Let me know if you have any questions . Kevin
Had a great time in SF . Went to the wine country for a few days . Was sad to come back to Houston . We haven't done much on the house since your visit . I'll talk to you soon . Tell Marie we said hi . Kevin
Sweet house - I hope everything works out . When are you trying to close ? Did they accept your offer ? Talk to you soon . Kevin
Hunter , Per your request . 1. ) Traded the Gulf Coast region starting in Sept/Oct 1999 . - Developed valuable customer relationships - Managed Gulf position with Tom Donahoe - Gulf book was profitable during this time period . 2. ) Moved to Market Book in January 2000 . - Responsible for trading Michigan and Wisconsin markets - Managed Market Book w/ Patrice Thurston . - Market book is profitable 3. ) Managed own book starting in May 2000 . - More than doubled daily volume traded in both Michcon and Consumers . - Developed and managed multiple products on EOL including --> Physical forwards --> Gas Daily Swaps --> Physical Basis Swaps --> Physical Index - Michigan Market Book is profitable 4, ) Prior to joining Gas Trading I worked in Power Structuring where I was involved in - Asset Valuation Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks , Kevin
Great to hear you'll be back soon . Get me a call when you get back in the states and tell that Fathead I said hi . Kevin
Luke's growing like crazy . Great to see the update . Yeah , the wedding is getting near and the plans are pretty much complete . We're really just having family so the plans at this point are minimum . How's everything in California . Is Lowery showing up on your doorstep every Sunday at dinner time ? I wouldn't be surprised . Did I tell you about the dinner I attended in NY a month ago . What an event . The party included - get this crew - Bill Ricigliano , Dan Sweetser , Jonathan Counnnn , Richie Moller , Brian Sh. , and yes , Vincent Lima . We were all privey to Moller drinking a 12 oz . glass of fresh piss . Some things never change . Talk to you soon . Kevin
Jim , Do you have any availability this week ? Kevin
Let's say tomorrow at 6am . See you then unless I hear back from you . Kevin
What a relief . Hope everything is going well . KR
Russell , Let me know if you need any more info . Please let me know status as soon as possible . Counterparty: City of Holland , Michigan Contact: Bruce Van Farowe Email: vanfarow@hollandbpw.com Thanks , Kevin
Alberto , You're best bet is to send a resume to Chris Gaskill . Chris is starting a new fundamental analysis group . I know he is looking for a few more people to get this group off the ground . If you're interested in trading , it's probably the best way to get involved in this side of the business . I'm not sure if you have a long term interest in trading or if you're just looking for a rotation . Give me a call also after 4pm and I could provide you with some insight into the area . Until then send Chris an email with your resume attached or you could talk to me first if you'd like . Kevin
I could meet today after 5pm . Give me a call at x3-6320 . Kevin
Jay , Give me a call if you have any questions . Looking forward to working withyou . Kevin
Great to hear . Congratulations to the both of you . I'll talk to you soon . Kevin and Lisa
I never heard back from you . Do you still have an interest in the group ? Kevin
Conway , Where are you at now ? Are you in the states ? Let me know . Kevin
My bro' was supposed to get in touch with you . The trip will be on Friday , the 22nd . It's the day before the wedding . I hope you could go . Could you please give Coun , Ricigs , and Sweets a call to see if they have any interest . Let me know . Hope everything is going well . KR
Susan , Could you please provide me with copies of the attached contracts . I think you received a similar request from Tom Donaho . Contact me if you have any questions . Thanks for your help . Kevin P.S . My desk # is 3234D and my telephone number is 3-6320 .
Sounds great . Moller's email address is Richard.J.Moller@marshmc.com . I do not have anyone else's email , but Moller should be able to provide you with Coun's and Ricigiliano's . Just ask him . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks , Kevin
Any deal with a quantity discrepancy is being investigated .
I appreciate the email . I figured something must be wrong for you to miss the big day , but I was afraid to call . The important thing , obviously , is that you get better . We'll just have to figure out a way to meet up with you in the near future . Tell everyone I said hi and keep me informed of your operation and recovery . We'll all miss you very much . Hugs and Kisses , Kevin . P.S . Tell Tom and John we said hi .
Susan , I need to take a look at the following contracts . Will you please have someone run them down to me in Central Gas Trading when you get a chance ? AEC Marketing USA 249169 96017703 016-01611-01-002 Star Natural Gas 249312 96042209 Wisconsin Power & Light 363412 96045390 Amoco Energy Trading 391154 96041011 My cube # is 3234D and my extension is x3-6320 . Thanks , Kevin
Congrats on the beautiful baby . Let's get together soon , if even for coffee in the afternoon . Call me at x3-6320 when you get a chance . Kevin
I'm glad you had a great time . It meant a lot to Lisa and me that you were able to spend the entire weekend with us . I honestly can't remember the last time I had so much fun . I hope you felt the same way . Talk to you soon . Kevin
The one thing I remember is that they are incredibly expensive and somewhat troublesome to maintain . Depending on how old it is , I definitely wouldn't recommend it as your primary car . Hope you had a good time at the wedding . It was one of the best weekends I've had in ages . Talk to you soon . Kevin
Thanks for the congratulatory message you left on our voicemail - it made us feel great . We actually didn't go on a honeymoon - we will take one sometime next year . We've just been swamped with the house we recently bought . We bought an old small bungalow in the city . What a money pit . Hope everything is going great . Tell everyone we said hi . Thanks again , Kevin
Hope all is well . I haven't forgot abt the Hawaiin Electric position . I'll try to get in touch with my friend today . I've been out of town for the last few days . Kevin
Sorry it's taken me so long to reply , but I just checked my email . We were out of town the last few days . It sounds like you've been doing a lot of thinking and reflecting . I think it healthy to analyze one's actions in order to better understand oneself . This better understanding , I find , typically leads to self improvement and greater control , and ultimately , more happiness in life . However , do not let it lead to any form of regret - that would be unfair . We all have regrets , but these regretted actions typically make us stronger and better people in the long run . I forwarded your email to Patty Kampmann , not Patti Campi . As you might imagine , I got a kick out of that . Talk to you soon . Kevin
I'm interested in donating . Can I find out more info about the specifics of the procedure and the timing ? Kevin Ruscitti
I'm goin' to have to bag on the game . My return flight is at noon on Sunday . I get in at 4:45pm on Friday . What time will you be in ? Do you want me to check on a place to eat Friday or Saturday ? Let me know . KR
What's up ? I heard Conway emailed you the other day about New Orleans . I'm going to meet Conway and Jughead in N.O . on Nov 17 - 19 for a weekend getaway . I just booked my flight a couple days ago and wanted to see if there was any way you could make it down . It seems Conway has gotten a cheap hotel room with his military discount - one of the perks of working for Uncle Sam . I'm sorry for the short notice but we just decided to do it a few days ago . If you could make it , we'd all love to see you . If not , we'll have to get together when I'm in NJ over Christmas . Tell Chris we said hi . Hope everything is going great for the both of you . Talk to you soon . Kevin
Tell me about the new job . What will you be doing ? Kevin
I have been promoted out of the Associate program last PRC . As a result , if you could take me off the Analyst/ Associate distribution list I'd deeply appreciate it . Thanks and let me know if you have any questions or if you haven't been notified of the promotion . Kevin Ruscitti
Rebecca , I was promoted to Manager this past PRC . Please let me know whether or not you received notice . I want to make sure the files have been updated appropriately . Thanks , Kevin
Sounds exciting . Keep me up to date on how everything is going . Talk to you soon , Kevin
I saw Yeull Tuesday night - pretty cool , huh ? He seemed a little uncertain on the objection though . Kevin
"I accept the terms and conditions of this Pilot Participant Agreement." Kevin Ruscitti
Keith , Attached is GTC Spot confirm form and Spot GTC Please take a look at the attached Spot GTC and let me know if we can transact under this contract . This is what our legal guys would prefer . Talk to you soon . Thank you , Kevin
Keith , Here are the changes recommended by my legal group . Let me know if you have any comments . Thanks , Kevin
Dan , Please take a look at the new Purchase agreement and let me know what you think . Thanks , Kevin
Could you please extend the guest id that expired for FTEnergy , the publisher of gas daily . Please call me when this is completed . We need to have these folks view our daily indices . Thanks , Kevin Ruscitti
That would be great . Thanks , Kevin
Rebecca , I am no longer in the A/A program . I got promoted this past review period . Please let me know if you got the update or not . Thanks , Kevin
Your boy Gore is a nut . How's everything going ? Looking forward to seeing you Gloria and Tommy over Christmas . Take Care , Kevin
Please forward this to GD . Thanks , Kevin
Liz , Here's the file . Thanks for your help . Kevin
They need to go back to Div IAA . There currently children in a man's world .
Todd , This should be the latest and greatest . Great talking to you today . Glad to hear everything's going great in LA . Kevin
If you could only own one stock what would it be ? For me it would be EOG Resources - don't ignore this one . KR
I hope you picked up some EOG on Friday or today . KR
Julie , If they want to pay $5.15 , that's fine with me . I do have $5.11 in the system but I could have easily made a mistake . Let me know if you have any other questions . Kevin P.S . Sorry it took me so long to reply .
What planet did Gray Davis come from? ? What's the perception of this guy in California? ? Hope all is well . KR
I've emailed you after both of your messages . Did you fail to get them . Let me know . Kevin
What's the deal with this Gray Davis guy ? What's your opinion on him ? He's pretty much out to lunch on this whole energy crisis thing . I was wondering how the citizens of California viewed him . Hope everything is going well with Kim , Kendall and yourself . Talk to you soon . Send an updated picture if you have one . Kevin
I did get your email and my work number is 713-853-6320 . My home # is 713-880-4157 . I'll give you a call this weekend . It's incredibly difficult for me to talk at work so I'll give you a shout at home . Talk to you soon . KR
( See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc ) ( See attached file: Sweets_Wedding_Letter.doc )
Mr . B . Lowery , First of all , you sent me a picture with the head cut off . I couldn't even see Kendall . I don't know if something happened with the translation of the file , but try to send it again if you can . In regards to California's energy crisis , I think that California is screwed - big time . I think it has the potential to cripple the state's economy . If , like you said , noone really talks about it much in SoCal , I would bet that will change soon . It has the potential to affect every person in the state . Not only will consumers end up bailing out the utilities - SoCal Edison , San Diego , Gas and Electric , PG&E - but it will likely prevent many new companies from setting up shop in California . After all , who would want to put millions of dollars in an operation that will be subject to power interruptions while paying the highest utility bills in the country . I think that the only way California will come out of this OK , is if it has the least energy intensive weather for the foreseeable future . I don't think this is a problem that will be resolved within the next couple years . But remember , that is just my meaningless opinion . When do you start coming to Texas . Let me know so we can try to hook up . I'll talk to you soon . Kevin
Brett , I thought I had your home phone # , but I only have your work # . As a result , I didn't call you this weekend . Send me your home # so I can give you a ring . By the way , Happy 35th birthday . I hope you had a good one . Kevin
The house thing is a tough call . It's hard to say . If you're not in any hurry to buy , the summer should give you a good indication of continuing energy problems . I personally think that the problem will come and go for a while , but a lot depends on how California's legislature deals with the situation . I have no idea what they'll end up doing - they've acted pretty poorly already . What's your time frame on a house ? If you're only concern is that prices are at their highest level in the last decade , I wouldn't worry too much about that . It's impossible to time the market - who would've thought San Francisco's housing prices would be at these current levels . There are also a lot of intangibles associated with home ownership as your aware of . I would be concerned about the energy situation , so just try to keep abreast of it . Also , you could call me if you have any questions . I'll try to help the best I can . Take care and tell Kim and Kendall I said hi . Kevin
Correction , I don't think thinks will blow over this summer , I think things could blow up and actually be a lot worse than they are now . In terms of longer term , I think a lot depends on how the state tries to resolve the problem . It will be interesting to see . I feel that the summer will be very interesting , especially if California gets the kind of heat they had last summer . Stay in touch . KR
Julie , Glad to hear some positive news . Hope you are doing quite well . Talk to you soon . Kevin
The following article appeared in today's Chronicle . Enron rating setup irks many workers TONGUES ARE WAGGING at Enron Corp. , and it's not because of the bonuses they're expecting next month . Employees are irate about a new performance-review ranking system that pits them against each other . Under the system , nicknamed "rank and yank," employees will be put in one of five categories: 5 percent will be identified as "superior," 30 percent will be labeled "excellent," 30 percent will be called "strong," 20 percent will be labeled "satisfactory" and 15 percent will be called "needs improvement" or "issues." An insider said "needs improvement" means "you have one leg hanging out the window." And "issues" is Enron lingo for "you're gone." The rankings , whose names reportedly took Enron officials hours to come up with , are not based just on performance . Instead , they compare employee against employee . "It is possible , therefore , for someone to perform at the same or higher level compared to prior periods , yet receive a lower rating for the current period if other employees' performance raised the bar," according to a memo from Chief of Staff Steven Kean and Executive Vice President Cindy Olson that was distributed this month . While employees are competing against each other for ratings , they're also expected to be team players , according to the memo . `Horse-trading' of rank denied The problem , according to someone familiar with the new system , is the horse-trading that goes on when the rankings are divided up . Managers trade rankings like baseball cards , explained the insider , offering to downgrade one employee if they can get a better rating for another employee . An employee's ranking is more a function of the negotiating skills of the manager he is working for , the insider said . Olson , who's over human resources and community relations , said no horsetrading is going on . The rankings , due out this week , aren't set in stone , she said . Only 9 percent of employees were rated in the bottom category while 6 to 7 percent were labeled superior , she said . But Olson said she can see how employees might be worried about the prospect of bargaining . She speculated that one reason employees might worry is because it's a new system for about 60 percent of Enron's employees . In years past , only the wholesale energy services group was ranked this way . Some human resource managers expressed surprise that Enron , which is known for hiring superstars , apparently feels that it must get rid of so many employees -- or at least put them on notice that they're not doing well . It doesn't say much about the confidence of your recruiting system if you're getting rid of 10 to 15 percent of your work force each year , said a human resource manager in Houston who asked to remain anonymous . Some may not fit in Some people , as smart and talented as they are , just don't fit into Enron's culture , Olson said . It's a company that doesn't tell people what to do; you have to know what adds value , she said . Some folks just have a hard time in that environment . After thinking about it for a moment , Olson added that maybe Enron's recruiters aren't doing a good enough job weeding out the people who wouldn't do well in an entrepreneurial environment . Forced ranking systems were popular several years ago . But they fell out of favor , in part because they were seen as damaging employee motivation . Several years ago , Houston Lighting & Power put in a forced ranking system , dividing all employees into four groups , with "1" the top group and "4" the lowest . Employees were so angry with the system that some work crews had T-shirts printed: "Don't ask me -- I'm a 3." Olson said she doesn't see a problem with motivation . People like to know how they stand and will work hard to reach the top category , she said . But many of the employees -- at least the ones who rate above satisfactory -- won't know how they're rated . Managers don't have to reveal the ratings . And as for figuring out what it takes to be superior ? You've got to reinvent your job , add new business lines or create something totally new . "Employees understand that when it's explained to them," Olson said . To voice comments , telephone 713-220-2000 and dial in code 1002 . Send e-mail to lm.sixel@chron.com . Return to top Click on banner for more information
Conway , Let me know what you think and Lisa and I will talk about it some more as well . Talk to you soon . Kevin
How's everything going ? Are you enjoying yourself ? How's the new position ? How's the family ? Kevin
Give me a call when you get in . Kevin
What will you be doing ? You guys aren't moving are you ? Kevin
Jen , Great to hear from you . Early congrats on your graduation . Everything has been going well down in the Lone Star State . I got married in September down the Jersey shore and everything has been going well . We bought a house back in May . It needs an incredible amount of work . We own the ugliest house on the block , by far . How are things in Indiana ? Are you and Paul still together ? How is he doing ? When is the last time you were back in Jersey ? We went back over Christmas but only for a couple days . I think next year we'll go back during New Year's instead of Christmas . If you ever get near Texas or pass through Houston , please give us a call . You both are always welcome to stay at our house . My phone # is ( 713 ) 880-4157 . My work # is ( 713 ) 853-6320 . Hope to hear from you soon . Kevin
Cora , We could go with the lower volume . Please let me know when the deals are changed . Thanks ,
David , Attached is a list of all my non-index , bid week trades ( for March ) for Michcon , Consumers and ML7 . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kevin Ruscitti
Attached is a list of all non-index , bid week trades for Michcon , Consumers , and ML7 . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kevin Ruscitti
Congratulations to you and Rena . When is the due date ? Kevin
Wow , what a gracious thank you . I'm speechless . Hope everything's been going well lately . I'll talk to you soon . By the way , are you going to any events during Gas Fair ? Kevin
Thought you might appreciate this .
Brian , Unfortunately I won't be able to make it , but thanks for the email . Hope everything is going well with you . Have a great time at the party and tell Sweets I said Happy Kevin
BL , Have you experienced any blackouts yet ? I think you'll see a lot this summer . What does everyone think about the situation ? Do they think it's a threat or not ? I think the state is in for a horrific summer - I hope it doesn't turn out that way , but it'll be incredibly difficult to avoid . Hope everything's going well with work and with the family . When's the next time you'll be in Dallas ? Let me know . KR
Great to hear from you . Looking forward to meeting in Houston for a baseball game . Conway will be in Corpis soon so we should be able to do a weekend . We should start construction on the house in May - what an incredibly long process it is . I definitely would not do it if I had to do it over again . One redeeming factor is that we bought on a good block . We definitely have the ugliest house on the block . We should get a pop in real estate also when all the California companies start migrating to Texas . Joking aside , unless you guys have incredibly mild weather this summer combined with a lot of rainfall , you're summer will suck . There is no doubt that the CA economy is going to suffer a great recession . You have a shortage of supply so the only way to ease the problem is to reduce demand . This usually occurs when prices reach levels where the price sensitive buyers cut back . However , with your boy Grey Davis pushing for price caps , this won't happen . The next way for demand to be trimmed is for companies to leave , so this will probably need to happen to an extent for the problem to ease . The other factor , of course , is that you could have an increase in supply - new power plants . But being that the amt . of time it takes to develop and build a power plant in CA is about 3 times as long as in most other states combined with the fact that CA hasn't had a new power plant in the last 10 years , an increase in supply doesn't seem likely in the short term . Again , this is only my opinion , so you could take it with a grain of salt . Talk to you soon . Kevin
That state will never be the same . My prediction is that the state will be bankrupt within the next 2 years unless the Federal Gov't bails it out . I hope Lowery has held off on buying his house . Talk to you this weekend . I blew off the Montana trip so I'll be home . KR
Did you go to any parties last night? ? I was lame , I didn't go to a single one . I heard there were some decent ones . How's life at Duke been ? I haven't talked to you much since you've become a big ICE trader . Talk to you soon . KR
I don't think many buying opportunities out there . The economy is going to get crushed this year . There's only one place to put one's money now , and that is in cash . The manufacturing sector is in dire straits and you will continue to see an increase in plant shutdowns and company layoffs . The Fed could continue to lower rates but there'll be little capital investment if consumer spending dries up . I feel we've just seen the beginning . I think the Dow will be trading under 8000 by the end of April . Psychologically , the California crisis will add to consumer fear . The crisis is not a short term problem . As a result , barring any Federal bailout , you could kiss that state's economy goodbye . Let me ask you a question; if you were paying ( 1 ) the highest real estate prices in the country , and ( 2 ) the highest energy prices for the least reliable power , in ( 3 ) the midst of a hi-tech meltdown , what would keep you or your company from closing shop and moving to a different state? ? If you own any CA real estate , sell . The only way to solve the CA energy crisis is to reduce demand or increase supply . Since CA doesn't want any power plants in its backyard , the supply issue likely won't be solved anytime soon . So , how do impact demand? ? You have to price energy(power/gas ) so high that the discretionary user ( household , manufacturer , commercial store ) conserves by closing its plant , cutting back on the thermastat or running the commercial operation during off-peak hours . California will see this reduction in demand over time . If the blackouts subside it's because so many businesses have closed their doors for good or moved to another state . Without this , the blackouts will get much worse . If the state tries to get into the business of buying and selling electricity and gas , I would bet it will go bankrupt within 2-3 yrs . Could you imagine the impact on the national economy from the bankruptcy of the U.S.'s most prosperous state . Obviously this is only my opinion , but I would keep my eyes on the energy markets - that's where the key to the turnaround lies . Take Care and thanks for the email . Kevin
Glad everyone had a good time at Sweets' . I hope he had a blast . In terms of your email reply , you can have Calpine . How are they going to make money long term if price caps are instituted ? This obviously would be the stupidest policy . In addition their exposure to the CA crisis must be pretty significant - when and how are they going to get paid ? I wouldn't want to bank on the energy market in the most regulated state in the country . Plus , if the state backs energy purchases , it's going to get to the point where who wants to own CA credit? ? PG&E and Edison International are doomed , as they should be . The state of CA is going to go down the tubes unless they find some good leadership . Unfortunately , noone out there seems to have the least clue on how to solve the problem . The politicians are a complete joke . It is incredibly disheartening to witness the absolute stupidity of the CA politicians in addressing this issue . They seem to be much more focused on finger pointing than coming up with a viable solution . I honestly think they are incable of solving the problem . KR
You're correct , Enron doesn't get too involved in these conventions . I don't know why . It seems that some of the desks have some functions but mine never does . My desk seems to be pretty apathetic ( probably not a good thing) . I think we've relied , more than any of our other desks , on the financial and e-commerce sides of the business . Probably not a great thing . Anyway , lets get together for a cocktail or dinner sometime within the next month . Did you guys move to the Galleria location yet . Let me know - we'll go get a big steak at Morton's or Ruths' Chris . I assume a country boy like you is into some good red meat . KR
We'll just be doing some house shopping . I think we're going to postpone the upgrade to the existing house and look to buy a new house . This would eliminate the need to move out for 6 months . I'm dying to live in a house that is complete . Anyway , besides this we don't seem to have much going on . I'll just need to go into work for a few hours on Sunday . Let me know what you want to do . KR
Please sign me up . Thank you ,
Please sign me up . Kevin Ruscitti
Please sign me up . Thank you ,
Please sign me up . Kevin Ruscitti
Thanks , Let me know if you're looking to sell some more , because I could do better than my EOL bid in this case . Kevin
David , I have attached a listing of all my Bid Week transactions . Let me know if you have any questions . Kevin Ruscitti
Chris , Please take a look at the attached language and forward it to Stacey for her comments . Thanks , Kevin
Thought you might find this interesting! ! Kevin
Sell 'em all . There's no turnaround in sight . What's going on? ? KR
Thought you might find this interesting! ! Kevin
Sell 'em all . There's no turnaround in sight . What's going on? ? KR
What's the website you bought the Adirondack chairs off of . We are looking to pick up a couple more . KR
The interconnects are primarily in Michigan , Ohio and Wisconsin .
I'll tell you what . You give us your "want" list and we'll make sure you can do it all . Of course , after you assemble the chair . What was Lowery doing in San Antonio? ? KR
There's a girl on my desk that makes it in 3 , so it'll probably take you 4 .
Didn't you say mapquest said it takes around 6 hrs to get to Houston from Corpus
The interconnects are primarily in Michigan , Ohio and Wisconsin .
Of course your Dad would be invited to anything we do , but if you'd rather spend the time alone with him that weekend we could always make it another weekend . The only problem with the 12th is that we'll be consumed with the move the entire weekend . Let me know what works for you . We're flexible after the 12th . KR
The 12th isn't good for me b/c we're moving . Any other weekend should be OK though . Kevin
Easter was great , how 'bout yours . It was just me , Lisa and a friend of mine . How's everything been with you ? How are the wedding plans coming ? Have you seen Bruce lately ? How 'bout my brother ? Kevin
Thanks Lee , I appreciate it . Kevin FYI Aquila was a decent seller of Jun and Jun-Oct NGPL/LA today . Not much action on the Nov01-Mar02 . I'll keep you informed . Feel free to call me at x3-6320 if you have any questions .
Friday may be tough b/c we just bought a new house and we actually move the next day . However , let me check with Lisa and I'll get back to you for sure . Talk to you tomorrow . Kevin
Where are you moving to ? How's the little one ? Hope everything is going great . We just bought a new house ourselves . We are moving in the 12th . This weekend we're hitting Jazz Fest in New Orleans with Capt Frank P . Conway . Talk to you soon . KR
Chris , What's the status of this product . I haven't heard anything in a while . KR
Thought you might find the article interesting .
He's the man
I saw that , unbelievable huh ? The sad thing is that the folks I work with never heard of Jack Kerouac nor "On the Road" . Probably not surprising considering most are from Texas . How's everything going ? Did you get an opportunity to call Kampy . How's the job search progressing ? Before I forget , was there a guy in our MBA class named Chris Sevrson or something like that ? An email was forwarded to me and that name was on the forward list and it sounded familiar . Any big plans for the weekend ? We're just hanging around Houston . It seems every weekend for the past year+ we've been doing some type of house work . Hopefully one day it will slow . Talk to you soon . Kevin
I need to hear the rest of the Red Neck weekend story . Send me an email or give me a call . Also do you have Lowery's and T.J.'s email addresses . They were deleted from my system when our email system was upgraded . KR
The reason I asked about Chris Sevrens is that he was on the list ( you'll see ) of this email . I don't know if you heard about it but the author of the email got fired shortly after it circulated through Wall St . Anyway , thought you might find it amusing . Start from the bottom of this email and work your way up . It's interesting to see the path it took to so many people . You'll see Sevrens name near the bottom . KR
Stephanie , Could you please give me access to trade physical canadian products on eol . Thanks , Kevin Ruscitti
Thanks
Don't know if you talked to Conway , but it looks like i'm going to cancel my trip in a couple weeks . I really don't feel like flying right now with all the shit going on and the impending military strike . Anyway , hopefully we can meet up soon . Hope everything's going great . KR
Conway , Do you have T.J.'s new email address . I want to let him know I won't be out there in Oct . Give me a shout . How's everything going ? My miata broke down this past weekend . I didn't think it would be that soon . It looks like I'm forced to buy a new car . I'm not looking forward to the process although the internet should make it less painful than it was 9.5 years ago . Wow , I can't believe I've owned the Miata for over 9 yrs . I'm going to see Bonds play on Wednesday night . Hoping he'll be going for the record that night ( either a tie or to break it) . I scored tix in section 154 - prime bonds territory . Check out the section on the Houston Astros website . Talk to you soon . KR
How's everything going -I assume great ? How's the baby and Patty doing ? How 'bout that Barry Bonds ? You must be in heaven - ( 1 ) baby boy , ( 2 ) Yanks win the division , ( 3 ) Bonds goes for record . I think Bonds is going to break the record Wednesday night in Houston . Guess who'll be sitting in section 154 ( check it out on the Astros website ) waiting for # 71 . Look for me on TV . KR
Sweets , The flight was cancelled so we just drove to New Orleans for the weekend . Man was it a ghost town . How's everything with you ? How's Liz and the kids ? How's the FIRM going ? Talk to you soon . Kevin
Beautiful baby - good job Patty .
I was at the game last night sitting in home run territory - section 154 . It was one of the most disappointing games i've ever attended . the astros don't even deserve to make the playoffs after their cowardly play . the manager's an idiot - intentionally walking Bonds with guys on 1st and 2nd with 2 outs . Anyway , in terms of the Miata , the dealer recommended abt $1300 worth of work . Of course i told him to just get the thing running ( $450) . The problem is the blue book value is only $2500 so i can't see putting another grand into it . I'll probably just sell it to someone who races miata's ( which is really big in Texas ) or donate it to charity and take the tax write off . We haven't test driven anything yet but it looks like we're leaning toward the BMW 330i . It seems to get great reviews , the main downside is that it's a little small - but still sporty . We'll go for test drives this weekend and should buy or lease ( still undecided ) something in the next couple weeks . How's everything on your front . Less classroom time and more flying time?? ? That faggot Lowery was in Austin this past weekend . I don't expect him to call of course but it shows how easily he could've gotten to Houston while he was working for 8 mos . in Dallas . Later ,
What do you think about the 530 ? Isn't it basically the same thing as the 330 except it's bigger ? If so , does it handle as well with the added size and weight ?
Did you watch the Astros / Giants game last night . It was embarrassing . I've never seen such a cowardly performance by a baseball team ( of course I'm talking abt the Astros) . When do you ever walk a guy with runners on 1st and 2nd , your team is down by 1 run and there is 2 outs ? Answer: NEVER . According to Dierker , ".. . the critical walk was the one with runners on first and second," Dierker said . "We did that because Jeff Kent was 3-for-17 against Williams and had struck out the last five at-bats ( against him) , so he showed some dominance against him . Obviously , you don't want to put another runner on base and move the runners another base in scoring position unless you have a very compelling reason , and we did . How's long's this clown been managing . I guess he hasn't followed Kent the last few years . It wasn't like he was walking Bonds to get to Ivan DeJesus . He doesn't even have the sack to admit he fucked up . I've never seen fans boo their home team so much since the days of Michael Jack . Have you and Patty been getting any sleep ? How's Jack ? KR
Thanks for the advice . Much appreciated . We plan on test driving this weekend . The BMW has a racing track in the back of the dealership - I heard it's pretty sweet . I have a feeling we're going to lean toward the 330i just b/c everything I've read rates it the best in its class . I feel like the 5 series will be too big for us right now ( w/o kids ) but we should get a better feel this weekend . I'll keep you informed . Thanks again . KR
You'll never believe it but I turned it on at 5:10 so I guess your interview was over . If you have a copy , please send me a copy and I'll pay you for it . How's everything going ? Hope all is well . Talk to you soon . Kevin
I think the only difference btw the 330Ci and the 330i is that the Ci is a 2 door . Had a choice btw Wed and Thur game - chose Wed . Not that disappointed though as the Astros proved to be the biggest bunch of pussies in the ML . They were more concerned with not giving up a homer to Bonds than with winning the game . Now they stand a chance of not making the playoffs at all . If you ask me they don't deserve it and the mgr should be fired . It was great to hear the fans booing the home team every other inning . I'm sure they lost a lot of fans over those 2 games . Anyway , what's up on your front . Are you still going out to Cali to visit Hop and Denise ? How's flying ? KR
It didn't down here b/c I watched it from 5:15 - 6pm unless it actually came on 4pm down here with the time difference . I bet that's what happened . KR
I'd like to but i'm tied up doing house stuff all day . Have you found a group in Houston ? How's the search going ? Tell Matt I said hi .
We have a lot of things to do Saturday or else I would - believe me . We'll have to get together the next time . Let me know if I can help any more with your search . Kevin
Sounds good based on 1 condition . You and ML do not pick up everyone's dinner . We'll just go out to dinner and a show and we'll all split it . Sounds like fun . Good idea - must've been ML's . KR
Great to hear from you . Glad to know everyone's doing well . Did you know Moller was going to be on TV or were you just channel surfing ? How did he do ? Work's going OK . ENE stock has been getting destroyed . A lot of negative press abt management . I would sell your shares if you still have them . It's $30 right know but I have a feeling it's going lower . Tell Dave also if you talk to him . News has been coming out that I wasn't aware of . Anyway , Lisa's job is going great - she's really happy . We haven't been up to a lot lately - just hanging around the neighborhood . The anthrax scares and the terrorist stories are really scary . What a bunch of nuts we have living in this world . I have a feeling it could get worse before it gets better . Don't open any letters from unknown companies or counterparties . Take care of yourself and Gloria and Tommy . Tell them we said hi and we'll talk to you soon . Kevin
I'd sell all of the ENE . KR
Steve , Hope everything is going well . Unfortunately I won't be able to attend the reunion . Hope you have a great time . Talk to you soon . Kevin
Steve , Not a lot . Just working and watching my company's stock get the shit kicked out of it . I did get married last year , but everything else has been pretty quiet . How 'bout yourself . What have you been up to ? Who have you kept in touch with ? Kevin
I'm not going to be able to make it . I talked to Lisa and we're heading back to NJ for her friends wedding . I'm hoping to make a trip to CA sometime next year . I hope you have a great time and tell Lulenski I said hi . Kevin
I think Enron is going to $10 . I've been quite concerned for the last month+ . It looks like a number of the senior execs have done some questionable acts . It's been quite the moral buster . They need to clean shop and get rid of the CEO and entire board for letting these types of actions occur . We will never regain investor confidence until this occurs . The problem with ENE is that we make an incredible amt of money on the wholesale side of the energy business ( natural gas and power ) but we have thrown money at a myriad of bad businesses that lost lots of money ( Azurix water co. , broadband , residential marketing . They need to get someone in here that will eliminate these losers and focus on the core businesses . In my opinion , some of these execs , former and current , should go to jail . It's amazing how a group of guys could ruin a great company . I'm sure there will be a grad school case study and a book written about this . I'm sure it will be a best seller . Anyway , let me get off my soapbox . I'm glad to hear you got a new job . That would be great if Chris gets the package and looks for something more enjoyable . Congrats to you brother and make sure you tell your folks I was asking about them . Lisa and I haven't finalized any plans to NJ in Jan but I'll let you know as soon as we do . We're both looking forward to hooking up with you guys . Conway won't have to go overseas . He said he's the last one they'll activate . His cell phone # is 240-298-7007 . I have to look for his email but i'll let you know when I find it . Take care and good to hear from you . Kevin
Are you taking any resumes ? I need to start the process . I don't know what the future holds here ? I don't think anyone does . We don't know if there will be more mgmt surprises ?
Sure , no problem .
How's everything ? Haven't heard from you in some time . What's up ? You're not in Afghanistan are you ? Only kidding ? KR
You could call me at home if you like at 713-880-4157 . Kevin Ruscitti
No , There's been a lot of shit happening with my company and frankely , I don't know what's going to happen over the next few months . As a result , we decided to wait at least a few months until our financial situation is better known . Glad to hear everything's going well . Did you go out to California ? What are your plans over Thanksgiving ? KR
My address is 616 Byrne St.; Houston , TX 77009 . Good to hear from you . Looking forward to this Sunday . Kevin
Robin , How's everything in NY ? The flow of info around here has been horrible . I have no idea on what's happening - a bad situation to be in obviously . We're just reading all the news on the wires . Just starting to look at some options in case the trading desk vanishes . Do you know if Sempra in CT is still looking for people . I figure it's time to see what else may be out there . I'm sure we'll talk a little later . Kevin
Dave , Take a look at this before you pass it on . I haven't looked at it in a while . Let me know if you get it and how it looks . Thanks , Kevin
sorry , but i didn't get your message until late . i'll call you at home tonight .
Adrian , You can call me on my cell over the weekend if you like . Thanks , Kevin
Gary , Sorry for the delay . I'll be in New Jersey for the weekend but don't hesitate to call me on my cell phone at 713-416-6352 if you'd like to discuss my resume . Thanks , Kevin
Let me tell you who won't win - RU . They are arguably the worst division 1 football team I've ever seen . I saw them for the 1st time this weekend on TV . They are horrible . Hope everything's going well . Life at Enron sucks . I'm sure you've been following the situation . I'm sure there'll be a #1 bestseller written about this circus . Talk to you soon . KR
Michael , Per our conversation I've attached the file . I'll try to follow it up with a phone call around 3pm Houston time . Thanks , Kevin
