Oops , I forgot you .
All deals have been moved to ENA-IM WEST last night . Set up your physical post-id's for today and calculate the weapon-X , make sure there are no deals in your books using a forwards detail . If it is blank , you can run your weapon-X and input into your P&L this morning , you will also need to officialize your physical book one last time . Financial - you don't need to roll your p&l anymore , ( except for Monte , you will have to due to the transport model) . Go into the RAC website and inactivate all of your books other than the physical , you will do that tomorrow . Now that all tagg deals are in one book , we will be splitting up the alphabet among all groups to help monitor that the correct counterparties are being moved to the Bankuptcy book . We will get with you all later regarding that . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks
I started calculating the bankruptcy book last night for the credit group . This needs to be done nightly . I may be out a few days so if I am can someone else take this over from me please ? We can also use these to check daily for counterparties that have been moved incorrectly . The file is in O:\erms\1intra\west\Bankruptcy post-ids.xls Thanks
Yes , send them to John Powell and cc Debbie Brackett
Here are today's post-ids .
This what she sent . Thanks
Francis , Can you call Errol McLaughlin or Jeff Gossett when you are done ? Thanks
Hector , Carole Frank has resigned effective today . I will collect her badge and any other equipment . Please let me know if there is anything else that we need to do . Thanks
please add Stephanie McGinnis to the email . it should be John Powell Debbie Brackett Stephanie McGinnis
can you take care of this ?
Scott , Scott Tackett has taken over Sean's responsibilities . He can take care of this for you . Thanks
Done .
Amanda , Can you please look at the last line for Management West ? Those deals are booked to the FT-CAND-EGSC book in Canada . It wasn't reflected in our P&L's , it also didn't liquidate so it shouldn't be a variance . Thanks
Scott , Can you check the contract on #500282 . The chicago office needed to add a month to this deal and it wouldn't let it due to the contract # . I changed it but probably shouldn't have . It probably needs a new ticket . Let me know . Kay in Chicago needed this at 312-541-1235 Thanks
Jeff , Here are the post-id's for you ( or whoever ) for Friday . Ignore the CAN tab . You should have access to these books , if not you can use my computer . kkeiser & tamu96ddd on the right computer . I may come in for the afternoon . Let me know if you will need help for anything else , I'll come in . There hasn't been anything going on except running mini-books for Russell Diamond . See you later ,
Thanks
These are the post-id's for today Price 1450823 Basis 1450824 Index 1450825 GDM-Canadian 1451412 these two books were added to capture the canadian priced deals Thanks
FYI..... . We are not bringing in prompt month value tonight . Texas did , about $25,000 . The other regions don't have what we need for demand charges , etc . and no one has taken any time to research the values yet . The other groups we need have been gone for hours . We have some large positions which I don't really think are right . I'll look closer in the morning . Hope you feel better soon , at least you have all weekend to recover . See you Monday ,
Ryan , Everyone else is going to be here on Monday so please feel to stay a few extra days . We will have the normal closing stuff , ( liquidations , PMA's , etc. ) I've already checked out our PMA's and we don't have anything to liquidate so it should be a piece of cake . Things may pick up a little bit on Wednesday getting the books closed for the year . See you then Have a great weekend ,
Scott , I did the last four pages of this . The pages before that look like they have already been done . I just spot checked most of them but the entire first page was done already . I didn't want to waste time , Bridgette is out until next year so I couldn't ask her what the problem is . I'll leave the pages on your desk .
I started looking at the prompt month positions yesterday and noticed that many of the deals moved to the bankruptcy book have not been deleted in sitara . I don't think that most people checked the bottom of the sitara deal to see that the volumes were zero for future months . I started comparing the Bankruptcy index book to a prompt month calc . and fixed as much as I could for the East and West , I just started on Central but we should check this all again on Monday . Because of this , we have not reported any prompt month physical value . The rates group hasn't been around to get the demand charges either . We should have everything clean to report it on Monday . Going forward I guess we need to show people how to check it correctly . See you on Monday .
Errol , Here are the bankruptcy post-id's that need to be calculated tonight . You probably don't have access to the Canadian book so you can get it from Jeremy or use my computer . The right one has portcalc up , kkeiser & tamu96ddd . They might need to be on inexact for basis and index . Once those are done , can you email the id #'s to John Powell , Debbie Brackett and Stephanie McGinnis ? Thanks call me if you have any problems
John , I was just thinking about the December liquidations . We moved many deals over to a book called Bankruptcy for december forward production months . We won't be calculating this book but I'm wondering if the deals will still liquidate for Jim's ( or whoever ) schedule . If they do , we will have huge OA because we killed the swaps on those physical deals , meaning the desk and customer prices will be the same . We'll see those variances , and at the same time Financial acct . should see a variance because the deals liquidated but were not "flashed" in our P&L's . How can we tell if that book will liquidate this month or not ?
Greg , Have you had a chance to look at the new forwards details we talked about ?
We need to add the RAC website to our list of programs to be moved over with Netco . the website is rac.enron.com Let me know when you get this if there is anything we need to do to make sure this happens . Thanks
Thanks
Ruth , I don't know if you still need this but here are the deal #'s for the canadian netback deals . That is all I have found so far .
Here are the post-id's for today Price 1452831 Basis 1452832 Index 1452833 GDI 1452835
FYI.. . I changed a deal you booked on Friday from IM WC CAL to IM WEST . That book no longer exists . Thanks
Has everyone saved all their necessary files to the netco . directory ? I will be starting this list today . Thanks
West 103816
Chance , We need to prepare the morning reports for the last day of the year . Biliana isn't here today , could you please take care of that today for her ? Thanks
do I need to ask him which ones will have physical or did he tell you anything ?
Susan , Could I please get a copy of a blank book request from you . Thanks
If you don't have these already . Monte , I will help you with these .
Have you started to set up any new books for NetCo . yet ? Do you guys think we should all use the same book and portfolio codes this time to make mini-books easier ? Also , I think we should have some consistency in book names ( make them more descriptive) . any other suggestions ?
Sure , I spoke with him today about that already .
Zach , Can you get together Friday morning to go over the basics of what we do ? I will try to find some old class materials for you to review as well . I will let you know when and where tomorrow . Thanks ,
Here are the post-id's for today
Please take me off your list . I don't wish to receive any more email from you .
I brought some of my natural gas and options books from home . Please come by my desk if you want to read one during the day or make copies of some chapters to take home with you .
We have been making lists of the directories that need to be moved over with Netco . Will these directories be moved so that the estate can't use them , or will copies be made so both groups could use the files ? If not , we will have to make copies and change the list we have put together already . Thanks
We are making sure this week that we have all the files we use listed to be moved to Netco . Can you please make a list of all the paths and files used to prepare the morning reports , including the VaR access database ? I will need this before lunch . Thanks
We have decided to name our books FB-West1 thru 10......for each region We will have a matrix saved for everyone to be able to look at with the book names , trader names , sitara books , P&L file name , global id , and everything else that anyone might want to see . I think this will make things more consistent than coming up with new stupid names like before . All books , including the financial books , will have the same portfolio and book codes . Physical books will be seperate but will all be the same .
I started a spreadsheet for us to keep track of our books , traders , file names , etc . It is saved in O:\erms\erms_adm\Netco\Controls\Trader Matrix.xls Please add any other fields you think we should have . Jeff mentioned he wants to be able to quickly tell what books belong to what traders , O'neil had this idea . Is everyone ready to start setting up their books today ? Has Scott Neal gotten back to you yet Phillip ?
Zach , Let's try for tomorrow morning around 9:30 . Stop by desk and we'll run through the basics .
Ryan , Can you save a copy of all of the files you did for Grigsby , price and position reports , to O:\erms\erms_adm\Netco\West . We are taking copies of everything we use now , this is the file that will be moved with us . Thanks
We are finalizing the list of files to be moved over to Netco today . Please look in O:\erms\erms_adm\Netco\West and if there is a file you used to run , ( price reports , the wood report , broker , desk to desk , consolidated P&L for the website , etc. ) that you don't see out there now , please save a copy to this directory this morning . Thanks
thank you
Mike , We will be setting up both physical and financial books for everyone . I know not everyone will have physical but to keep it consistent everyone will have both just in case . I have the 10 names you sent Jeff earlier , please let me know if that changes . Do you know what the structure going to look like ? ie . will each trader be assigned specific curves/locations , cash vs . term , how many different people will be setting curves . We will be starting over with our curve files also . We want to only start with the true published curves . We have many derived/internal curves that aren't necessary and if we need to create more curves we will look into it later . Since the number of curves will be greatly reduced , we will probably start with one file . Thanks
Will anyone be taking Tori's place or are we down to 9 books ?
Darren The counterparty short name you gave me doesn't exist in TAGG . Is this a new name ?
Yes , The first three legs are the purchase for 80,000/d . Leg 4 is the annuity , and leg 5 is the put . I don't think I know what you are asking .
there is a book request form in Netco\controls\Book request form.xls . I put in the west desk books already . Susan is checking to see if we can use those portfolio and book codes , if not we'll change them .
Thanks , Chris was able to get me a copy of that yesterday .
Let me know if there is anything I help you guys with for the controls reports . I would like to be involved in this process to understand it better .
Do you have a copy of the detailed procedures that Chuck prepared for the morning reports ? I am looking for a copy in excel if you have them .
Chuck , I know you made some extremely detailed notes for the morning reports but I can't seem to find anyone down here that has them . Do you still have a copy saved you could send me ?
Here is the list you requested .
Phillip , Do you want me to do anything for the new west curve files or are you taking care of it ?
Attached is a file listing the names and NT login id's for our group . Please call me if you need any additional information . Thanks
Can we postpone this to this afternoon ? I am in the middle of a project . I will call you soon .
Susan , These are book requests for the Netco books for all regions . Please let me know if you have any questions . We put in some book and portfolio codes we would like if they are available . If not , please call me . We need all price , basis , index , and gas daily US books to be the same , all Canadian books to be the same and all physical books to have the same codes please . Thanks
Please use this form instead of the previous west file Thanks
The Keyspan deals have been corrected .
Can they be done by Tuesday next week ? EOL needs these to get this information soon in order to start their set up process .
Russ , Can we get a list of the mappings for all sitara locations . We are modifying our curve files by getting rid of all "internal" curves . We need to make sure that we don't have anything mapped to those curves and if so make some changes . We also need to think about how this change will work with the estate as well . Will sitara have a separate database for Netco and estate like TAGG will ?
I understand we will now the group to set up new books . Can we get some instructions from someone in your group , Susan I assume . John Valdes and myself will be the ones to take this over . Please let me know if Susan is this person and we'll get with her today . Thanks
John , Are you ready to learn your first control function . The controls group is going to let us set up the new books we need for Netco today . When you are ready let me know and we'll go down there , or they will come up here or whatever .
Scott , Yes , my group will be the ones to book the demand charges in sitara . Can you please contact that regional controller for the charges . Central-Scott Palmer East-Phillip Love Thanks
Mike , Will there be a Denver region for Netco ? I have assumed that everything will be considered West but want to make sure before we set up the books . Thanks
The curve lists are saved in O:\erms\erms_adm\netco\central\current central/ontario curves.xls I can help you sort through those if you want help .
The sitara mapping table is saved in the Netco file named CurveMappings.xls Check your regions and if you see any locations mapped to curves we won't be setting anymore , make a list of those and what the new mappings should be . Once the new database is set up we will get with Russ to have those changed over . Thanks
Torrey , We have taken over the responsibilities for setting up new books so we will be learning that today . These books should be ready by Wednesday . I will know more after we speak with them today . Once they are ready , we will send you the matrix you forwarded me . I have a question about that , you have a column for TAGG financial and physical . What is the difference ? Thanks
I have done all of these except the PGL&C deals . Scott , should these be terminated ?
Mike , Let me know when you are free , I would like to bring Phillip Love up to meet you .
Please cancel my membership . Thanks
Ok , just tell me what needs to be done in sitara and we'll take care of it .
Bryce , These deals have been corrected . The triggers and demand charges have been removed . Deal #1005851 did have gas flow and I believe should still be settled unless someone says otherwise . Thanks
Phillip , I tried to breakout the curves that Keith and Frank will be setting in the file you have been working in . We probably should run these past them to make sure
I tried to breakout the curves for Keith and Frank in the file you are working on but we should run that by them for approval . Mike will be setting all gas daily and physical curves . I think we can combine basis , index and GDI curves into one file per trader leaving only three curve files to load . Let me know what you think . Once we get their ok on the curves , we can set them up and let them add any formulas they need , especially Mikes file .
Andrew , The following are the people that will be setting up new books for Netco . The e-requests have been submitted . Phillip Love Scott B . Palmer John Valdes Errol McLaughlin Thanks
Attached are the files that need to be copied for the Netco files . I will get you the list of curves tomorrow and you should talk to Louise for a list of the Netco traders . Thanks
Cecilia , We need to get some new books set up in ERMS this week for Netco . We will be taking over this responsibility from the controls group but they are reluctant to grant us access to RisktRAC now due to security reasons . These books are needed for many downstream groups and therefore must be set up soon . Can you set these up before they are in risktrac this time due to these limitations ? I can give you the book and portfolio codes and the TAGG short names . Please let me know today so we can start ASAP . Thanks
Thank you .
Cheryl , The risk management group will be taking over the duties from the controls group as far as setting up new books . I have attached five book requests that need to be set up for Netco . Once these are set up can you please call me so I can tell Cecilia . I will also need the Global ID # to give to EOL for their needs . Thanks ,
Tiffany This is the value by risk type as of Nov-30th . Price $(1,252,140,705 ) Basis $(230,828,141 ) Index $(6,649,278 ) Gas Daily $498,824 Gas Daily Index $3,984,475 Canadian Gas Daily $1,265,707 Canadian Gas Daily Index $44,840 Let me know if this is what you needed .
Post id's for today
correction please replace 1457413 with 1457867 Thanks
Correction Please ignore post-id #1457413 It should be #1457867 with a value of $(392,639 ) Thanks
Cheryl , Thanks for taking care of these so quickly . I have reattached the central book request with some additional books . The blue highlighted "Cent" books were on the original request but were labeled as "FB" and should have been PB as the book name . I assume you did nothing with those books because there was no id next to it . Is that correct ? I corrected them and also added two new books at the bottom . Thanks again ,
John , At some point I would recommend setting up a mailbox for your new controls group . That way we won't have to worry about who is doing what , everyone in the group will get it . The current controls group did that and it was much easier .
Scott , Just so I understand correctly , for the dollars in green , we are to pay Coral this amount as demand charges ?
Sorry , I forgot to attach the spreadsheet .
Attached are the original spreadsheets with additional book requests in yellow . This should be the end , or close to it , for the Netco gas book requests . As before , could I get the global id's once you are finished ? Thanks ,
Zhiyong needs to get a list of all curves we will be loading for Netco . by tomorrow . When you all are done identifying those curves could you please get me a list of the curves by risk type ? Thanks
Attached are the book requests for the NetCo . books . They have already been set-up in Global Counterparties . Thanks ,
Will you still need the GD curves , GD-HPL/SHPCH and GD-WAHA , or can the GDP be used instead ?
Question: Once the new database for ERMS is split for Netco . we will have to make some changes to the gas daily curve mapping tables . Is there another way to create these mappings other than adding them one at a time . We are getting rid of a large percentage of curves and will be making many changes to the current mappings . Doing it one by one will be very time consuming and I want to see if you are able to load them another way .
Susan , Can you please set up the attached book for the estate . Thanks
There are a few deals that we have agreed to perform on 100% and Ed McMichael needs to be able to value those deals separately .
Bob Hall will have the mid and back office list and Ed McMichael should have the front office .
Thank you . Here are the NT id's .
O'neal Winfree currently manages the Texas risk management group for natural gas and is also responsible for the benchmark reporting group . He works closely with the Desk director and other traders to ensure accurate reporting of the positions and P&L's . He has eliminated most OA variances on his desk and has helped the other regions as well . O'neal and his group recently created a new physical P&L reporting tool to assist the risk and trading groups . Scott Palmer is currently the East desk lead and was the central desk lead prior to that . He set up and managed the Wellhead region and created new reporting tools for the traders to manage their supply . He was also responsible for calculating and reporting the Virginia Natural Gas asset management book and worked closely with the structuring group and others at VNG and Sequent to resolve any issues or questions . James Hungerford has been a book administrator on the East region for the past six months . He quickly became an important part of the team by managing up to three traders' P&L's and making numerous improvements to our daily routines such as streamlining the Weapon-X database , automating the new deal checkout and implementing a daily VaR estimate process . Prior to risk management , James was the Operational Analysis coordinator for the east region and worked with risk management and other downstream groups to clean-up all past variances and helped eliminate future problems .
Thank you .
We have a copy of the p&l format we will all be using saved in O:\erms\erms_adm\Netco\blank P&L.xls . If you are setting up your formulas you can use this format to create all your links for the new NGP&L and then change them to the individual p&l's later , we will be deciding how to break out the traders sometime this week . Attached is a list of the book names and the traders associated with each book . Let me know what you guys need to get all of this set up this week . Thanks
Do you remember at what price do we own Microsoft ?
Jan 8th
Russell , I believe that Francis Lim has been trying to help you with the project we have been talking about . The information below should be able to replace what he may have given you . You can copy these post-id's and change the dates to whatever you like . Here are all of the post-id's for the PG , G1 and W9 which are the remaining live books . price 1458677 basis 1458682 index 1458681 gas daily 1458683 gas daily index 1458681 These are the bankruptcy post-id's ( HH and HE ) price 1459387 basis 1459389 index 1459391 gas daily 1459392 gas daily index 1459393 Attached are the forwards and options details that you can run to give you all of the values you may need . Let me know if you have any questions .
Susan , What time can that estate book be ready to go ?
Do you guys know which books each of your people will be doing ? There is a column for that in the trader matrix under the controls folder . Ramesh will be loading our information into risktrac for us once we have all of the information , book admin id is one of the fields he needs . When you have decided can you please input that into the trader matrix and I'll then forward everything to Ramesh . Thanks
Andrew , I have one question about this form . Does the book id mean the name exactly as it appears in tagg or is it the risktrac name ( attaching the risk type to the end) , ex . FB-FINANCIAL-PRC Thanks
Here are the files that use ERMS that the estate will be using . Some of these directories will have files that are saved with a new name daily , you can pick the latest date to change . O:\erms\Excel Queries\ ( Netco will need a copy of these files moved with them ) texas gas daily index curves I will send more if I find them . Thanks
Mike , Do you or anyone else in your group get broker quotes on a daily basis to help set the curves ? If so , is there a spreadsheet kept with them that I can get ? Thanks
US ENOVATE should also be added . Thanks
Bernice , I added the unique 4 digit Data codes to column T of the attached spreadsheets . Let me know if there is anything else you need from me .
Susan , Can I please get a copy of the physical Portfolio Request form from you so in the future we get these physical books set up correctly . Could you also tell me what needs to be done differently from all other books . We created our own Data Codes and sent them to global counterparties , is there anything else different ? also , can you tell me when the PERFORMANCE book will be ready . Ed McMicheal needs to value those deals today . Thanks
Thanks
It is the Import Gas Daily file under Curve Maint in Runm . We are working on an excel file with the intra-month and gas daily curves and will send it to you when we are done and we can try to load them once the database is split . Thanks
Jan 9th
Can we also get the books that these used to be mapped to ? That will eliminate about 75% of the work . Thanks
Ed , This book has been set up and should be ready to go . Can you let me know what deals you would like moved into that book and we will take care of it . Thanks
please take me off your mailing list .
Debbie , The credit committee needs to get some information from us that I could use your help with . Can I get a dump of the non-terminated deals into excel and I will format it from there . The information they need to see are the counterparty name , cash flows ( MTM value ) and positions . As always , they need it by 11:00 this morning so if you could let me know if this is something your group could provide me with I would appreciate it . Thanks
Thomas is setting up a new NGP&L file and would like us to save a copy of each P&L to Netco\2002\0102\region#0102 . Once you decide how you are going to break them up , one file for each book or combine them together , can you save them out there so he can start linking them . I think that for the physical regions it may be easier to keep each book separate because people could be moving around a lot .
Hey , It's Vegas time baby!!!! ! March 13-16th . Feel like winning some $$$$ ?
Yes .
Can you please grant access to myself ( kkeiser ) and stephanie hopkins ( shopkin2 ) to this book . Thanks
This is what Jeff gave them for the terminated deals . I need the values by month for gas only . They asked for positions but that will be much harder , if you can get anything like that I can use it . Thanks see MTM by Month
The file is saved in O:\_dropbox\Bankruptcy\EYreqeust.xls
can you also add Rbhatia and AFay to the access list for this book . Thanks
This is a list of the curves we will be using in Netco . We may have some additional curves to add to this list but I wanted to get you something to start with . Thanks
Demand charges and triggers are done .
Casey , Could you get me a list of names for those people in Netco that should have access to ERV and TRV ? Hal McKinney is trying to clean up this file this week . Thanks
Do you want to keep any of the old TRV files for Netco for any reason . We can create new ones once it is set up .
Also , this is a list of current names and files . If for any reason you would like to have any of these files moved with Netco instead of creating new ones , let me know which files and Hal will move them to the new database . Thanks
Susan , We are unable to book any sitara deals to this book . It doesn't look like it is set up as a business unit . Do you know what we need to do to fix it ?
The file is saved in my dropbox called ERV_Stats . See if you can open that . Thanks
I have highlighted the files and names that should move over . I had to add some names to the bottom of the ERV files . Thanks
Jan 10th
Casey , Here is the file we need to fill out for Ramesh to download into RisktRAC .
Here is the gas file .
forward that file to John Valdes and Ramesh once you are ready
Could you please send all counterparty or contract inquiries to Deal Validation , Scott Tackett ? Thanks
I think I fixed the trailblazer path....the curve description on the curves tab didn't match the contract CB tab . The ref# should go away once you roll it for today . Try that this morning and let me know if it works . Thanks
OK , the fun continues . We need to assign EOL products to traders . Torrey sent a file ( Netco\controls\Trader-Book template ( US Gas)_EOL new books ) with all products and the old book assignments . We need to get with the traders today and get these split out.....many will stay the same as before . Also , when physical deals are done , will all risk types go to the same desk or will one person be managing the index separately . ex . the west desk used to book all index to Grigsby's book . I have told Dawn that all risk types will go to that trader's book but if index needs to be changed let me know . Thanks
Errol , Torrey sent us a file with all of the EOL products and the old book assignments . He need us to tell him the new trader name , book name and global ID today . The file is saved in Netco\controls\Trader-Book template ( US gas)_EOL new books.xls the global ID's are saved in your book request also in the controls file
Hey , Phillip already made reservations and Jeff is waiting to make sure he can go . Darren and his wife have made their plans , and Dawn and Gary have also , I think . I will next week , and a couple other girls from risk are going too . We're leaving on the 13th , returning the 16th . Staying at the Mirage . You could win thousands in Vegas to use for your house . What other vacation can do that . Well , we think we should hear something today as far as who we work for now . I'm sure it will be next week though . We're assuming it will happen and have been setting up all new files and databases . It should be interesting . How is your job ? Does Kyle Lilly work for you now ? Later ,
Mark , I don't know if your friend is still looking for risk people but here is a resume of someone I would highly recommend . He used to work for me on the East desk .
FYI... . To keep things consistent all of the traders , except the financial group , will use their physical books to log in for EOL .
Dawn , Please leave all risk types to the same books . We won't be splitting the index out this time . Thanks
Mike , Attached are the files required for gas risk management . Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks
Susan , I am still unable to book sitara deals to the Performance book . What needs to be done to fix this ?
We will get you the FT-Ontario and Intra-Ontario . Please call Brian Gillis in Canada for the FT-Canada book . Do you know what the full name for FT-US-Can is , that name doesn't exist in TAGG . Thanks
Min , Is this change only for those using EnPower ? My group will no longer be running any power books and won't need EnPower any longer . If this affects the gas applications in any way let me know , but I think that this won't be necessary for me . Thanks
Tiffany , All of the TAGG deals identified by structuring have been moved to that book and we have been calculating and reporting it as of last Thursday . The sitara book is still being worked on and should be ready to go today .
The files for the broker quotes have been moved from the Netco file to O:\erms\1intra\broker quotes . Those will be used for the estate . Please let anyone else who used those files know to start saving them to the new files starting today . Thanks
I don't know who has been saving these daily . Can you tell whoever on the west desk to use the new file instead . They are for the estate and need to keep them away from the Netco files .
Thanks , I beleive it is Keith and Frank .
Torrey , For those traders that also do deals in canadian dollars , we had to create additional books for those deals . These will not have any EOL products associated with them , they will be phone trades . Thanks
Scott , I put some question marks next to Brad , John , Pete and Sandra's products . You have them down as managing some physical products . Will they be managing those physical books ? If not , they should go to the physical trader managing that location as before . Can you take a look at those ?
#992523 is the valid deal . When the second deal was created , the deand charges should have been deleted . It has been fixed . Thanks
price post-id
Torrey , Here are the new mappings for the EOL products , except for the central desk . Hunter is still working on his but I wanted to get you something . for physical rest of month deals we attached the physical book id for prompt month physical deals we attached the TAGG book id is that correct ? I will send the finished product when Hunter is done . Keep in mind it will probably change again .
Columns A-E are the exact names and their risk type . Column G-H will be the mappings for the gas daily mappings . If you can wait until the morning , I will have a more complete list for you . We have made a few changes . I will send it ASAP . Thanks
Torrey , I added two columns to the right showing what the curve is now and what it should be . We made some changes to the curve names to make them consistent . Let me know if you need anything from me to make these changes . Thanks
Sorry , these have been fixed . Thanks
I beleive this is what Zhiyong is looking for . Let him know if you won't be ready by Friday .
Jan 14th
Tracey , We will have to change the org_region codes for all of our books today . I will send you the updated book requests today once IT has agreed to the changes . That should solve your problem . Thanks
Fixed .
Here are the curves loaded for East , Texas , West and Central on November 30th . They are also saved in O:\_Dropbox\Kam\Nov 30 Curves if you need to make any changes . I left a copy of all broker quotes from that day on your desk . All broker quotes are saved in O:\erms\1intra\broker quotes . Here are a few samples . These are the curves for each region....basis , index , gas daily & physical .
Can you please change the org regions for the attached books . Thanks
Susan , The performance book has been corrected by global counterparties . Sorry to bother you .
Attached is the updated version of the new product/book assignments that I sent Torrey yesterday . We are still unsure which books to attach the physical products to . Let me know if you see any problems . Thanks
These are the us gas Netco curves we would like to move over . In columns G&H we have also provided you with the gas daily curve mappings for the new database . Thanks
Looks like we need some new books set up . Can you get with Phillip .
Do you know what she is talking about . Do you have to have a seperate book for futures and options for Crude , unleaded and Heating Oil? ?
John , There is a new book request in Controls\Book Request Form Central Canadian final.xls Can you attach a code to these and send it off to global and Cecilia ? Thanks
Yes , Thanks
Albert , I spot checked a few of these and they are not all official . Can you please list only the Nov 30th official post-id's ? I can't tell from your post-id sheets if I'm picking the correct ones . Thanks
These are the post-id's that we have pulled . Showna and Debbie Brackett are trying to get the official post-id's from the system . Once they get that , I will check them against these . It is very possible that these won't be all of the correct id's but I wanted to get you something to start on . Thanks
Those have been corrected . They tagg pieces have been moved but demand charges were not deleted .
Mark , Attached are a few examples of the broker quotes we get daily for each region . I believe you had requested some curves so I also have the curves that were published for November 30th ready for you . The files may be too large to send so please let me know if this is something you did request and I will get it to you . Thanks
Kevin , We have over 400 books that were getting officialized at that time . I tried to get from everyone which post-id's they used that day from Houston , Chicago and Calgary but with that many books we are bound to get a wrong post-id or miss one . I need to get the list from credit or RAC to be sure we have the right information . I have yet to hear from them today . I also told Z to run with what he had and I'll get with him asap if I find it was wrong . Thanks
Thank you .
Oh yeah , he's the one .
Debbie , Have you had any luck getting the Nov . 30th post id's ? I did my best job trying to get them for Houston , Chicago and Calgary but with over 400 post-id's I guarantee that we missed some . Let me know if you still think it's possible , I would like to get back to Zhiyong today . Thanks again for your help ,
This is an updated sheet of post-id's . We added many and deleted some also . Hope this works .
Here you go .
Can you please take care of this for the estate curve files ? It will have to be done on your machine , Ashely , for you to be able to load them after today . Thanks
take me off this list for the last time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
Please see attached . There is a before and after column for those products that will have index name changes . Thanks
Ok , thanks for the update .
Kristen , Once Zhiyong gets me the information , how would you like this handled ? Do you want me to fill out the Schedule A , or would you rather have pivot tables similar to Todd Hall's for each scenario ?
Do we have to do anything for this?? ?
FYI... . I changed the west and performance books to your name on the rac website .
The attached file summarizes all MTM value by counterparty , in and out-of-the-money trades , physical and financial . You can filter column A for P or F and or column IV for positive or negative values . Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks
This should help you .
Yes , I didn't realize it mattered . All caps . Thanks
FYI.... . all org region codes will be in all caps if that makes a difference to you .
Robin , Darren corrected these . If you have any questions , please call him....he is the master . : )  Thanks
I sent this to John Valdes . He will check the book codes and get back with Cecilia to have her set them up today .
I put in a book request for the canada books two days ago . I will check with John Valdes to see what the hold up is . As far as the futures and options books , there should be one book for both . If you have questions about that can you please call Errol McLaughlin directly ? Those are his books and I don't know how they need to be set up . Thanks
Yu could make some money selling your Enron stuff on Ebay . The keychain I bought for $15 is now selling for over $200 . It's crazy .
We were able to get close to the DPR values reported with the info you previously sent me . I won't need anything from you tonight but thanks a lot for being available . I may need to get with you in the morning to get something else together . Thanks
Please call if you have questions .
I forwarded Form A to Raj , here is the back-up/reconciliation if you need it .
I have attached my resume . I look forward to hearing from you . Thanks
Karen Brown - The Kainan Group ( not sure of spelling ) Army Gere ( not sure of last name )
That is fine . We will use what is already set up , PBregion1 . Thanks
Jan 18th
Russ , I want everyone in risk to have access to all regions . Traders should only have access to their own . Thanks
I'm about to send this . This counterparty name was inactivated and we had to manually change the name on about 200+ deals .
Carl , The attached spreadsheet will show you the MTM value for all gas deals with TXU Energy Trading Company as of Nov-30 . Please see the PBI tab for Price , Basis and Index and the GD Options tab for options . Thanks
Kristin , Here is some information requested from E&Y for gas . Number of books 182 Number of people 55 Average number of transactions per day 1,674 Number of active transactions 126,878 Other than the rolls supporting the DPR which Scott Palmer is working on , this should be it for us . Please let me know otherwise . Thanks
Yes , that is the correct set up for now . Thanks
Yes , unless they find something on my background check....cross my fingers . How about you ?
Kristen correction on the # of people . It should have been 99 . Sorry ,
Carl , Please see attached spreadsheet for the TXU MTM value detail . the forward value as of Nov-30-2001 is $121,915,684
check these out
FYI....... . We will probably have some changes to the trader matrix , we have had some traders quit or decide to stay with the estate . Once we know for sure , we will send you the new breakout . Thanks ,
Arnold , Kevin Ruscitti , Brad McKay are the only ones so far . I'm sure there are a few more I don't know about yet . How is your group looking , who's left , are you in charge now ?
Jeff , There is a meeting at the Houstonian tomorrow morning . Is this one for us or did they split the group into seperate meetings ?
Kathy , Vladi asked me to give you a call . I will be out of the office until about 2:00 today so I wanted to let you know what we did to populate Form A . We gave all post-id's that were calculated on Nov-30th to Zhiyong Wei . From there , he dumped all of that information into excel and we formatted it from there into the required buckets . It will take a few hours for IT to get the file ready to use so I recommend getting that together ASAP . Let me know what I can do to help . Thanks
There will be some changes to be made to this list . We should know more later this week . Thanks
are Darren and Phillip doing this ?
Could you please re-run the data dump you did for me last week with the attached post-id's ? If you could let me know how long it takes I would appreciate it . If possible , could it be ready after lunch tomorrow ? Thanks
How do we get into test to view these trades ?
Carl , Here are the values you requested . I have the detail if you need it . Physical $71,893 Financial $123,077,652 Total $123,149,545 Physical $71,945 Financial $121,796,554 Total $121,868,499 Thanks
John , There is another report that needs to be added to our daily duties , it is currently only being done once a month by accounting . I'll show it to you in the morning .
Could you run the detail for these post-id's in grey . These are the physical post-id's that were excluded from the original request . You don't need to run the other post-id's , just the new column I . Thanks again ,
We are working on this now . We have a book with all physical active trades we will be performing on , we are now working on getting the in-the-money financial trades separated into a new book . Once that book is ready and deals are moved , we will be able to report it to you . Thanks ,
You should try looking at Duke , they seem to be doing some mass hiring of Enron people and giving them big pay raises .
I don't have any contacts at Duke . Kelly Little will be working there , but other than that I don't know anyone . Have you called Scott Neal back yet ? We were just talking about that exact thing , we knew all the weather guys left and were wondering what they would do . That would be a great opportunity for you .
Congratulations!!! !
Kelly will be a power trader . I don't know if she has any experience doing that . I haven't heard exactly why the weather group left , but many of the traders weren't happy that the move was a lateral one and didn't accept their offers . I think that's what happened with them . Good luck with everything , it would be great to work with you again .
In the Bedroom looks better .
done
I will also be leaving for vacation tomorrow and returning whenever the hell I feel like it .
Brian , In an effort to keep things consistent at UBS we have tried to perfect a roll spreadsheet that all regions should use . We added extra rolls so we should never have to add rolls . We have saved copies for our new P&L's in O:erms\erms_adm\netco\2002\0102\Regions0102 ( this will be out new regions file until further notice . Can you copy one of those files and use that as your new P&L's ? Let me know if you see a problem in doing that . We are trying to start linking up all new P&L's to the DPR , can you save yours out to that file when you are ready . Thanks
Scott , I really think that Melissa would be able to handle Storey better than Kristen . I think we should keep her on Central and let you take Kristen on the East . Are you ok with that ?
Thank you .
Do you know if all of our books are set up and ready to go in risktrac , ready to report VaR ?
Ok , once that is done , we need to set up the RMS access query to extract the new VaR and dump it in the positions by trader spreadsheet .
Ashely , I noticed that there isn't a wacog being used in your P&L . Currently it is taking the UA4 volume and multiplying it by $0 , it needs to have a dollar value in cell M83 on the physical tab . Thanks
We all need to sit down again .
Could we change the gas daily intra-month and index to GDM and GDY , rather than GDL and GDX . Tell me how much trouble that is to change . IT also made some changes to the physical org region names . I will have to get you those changes . Thanks
Now that we know which traders will be moving over , or we should , we need to make a second pass at the EOL product list . Can you confirm with your desk heads that the list of names we have is correct , and then update the product mappings by tomorrow afternoon ? O:\erms\erms_adm\netco\controls\Trader-Book template ( US Gas)_EOL new books.xls Thanks
Outstanding!!!!!!!!!!!! ! That's the best news I've heard all day : ) 
Let Russ know also so he can break this up for TDS . Have him create a roll up for South and Northwest and a total west that sums up both .
I created an Inactive Books folder in the Netco file for all currently unused books . O:\erms\erms_adm\Netco\Inactive books Thanks
There is a file under Netco for all currently unused books , rolls and hedge strips . O:\erms\erms_adm\netco\unused books . Rather than deleting these , they will remain here until they are needed . The NGP&L will link to these , once they are needed we will start saving it to the regions file and the links will be updated . There is also a hedgestrip saved for each book to the live and unused books files . We should also start creating a common file for each region to post the P&L to the website . Let's try to keep these the same format . East has a good file that shows new deals and curveshift . West used a macro to pull in finished P&L's instead of updating links which eliminated some problems , Randy could help with this . Figure out what format you want and use that for all regions . I think everyone agrees that we don't want to give them a positions file like in the past , they should use TDS for that . I believe the TRV website should be ready to go tomorrow so we can set up the users and report #'s then .
Yes ma'am , same as before . Thanks
I left a message with confirms....they should answer this for us .
That sounds good .
How about tomorrow morning at 9:30 ? I have a meeting at 10:00 and I'm clear around that .
Only inactivate those books that don't have a trader name next to it on the book request . There are only a about 6 that should be inactivated .
Good question , I think we should have an excel template set up with all imaginable necessary info that all traders should use , one line per trade rather than one sheet per trade . What do you think ?
Dawn , Please see the attached trader matrix template . There were some changes made on the physical global id's . Steve South was also added on the west desk . Thanks
I am on the 5th floor . 05156 . See you then .
After speaking with Kim Theriot in confirmations , we will not be using the RiskMantra entity , per the legal department . All Canada to US deals should be booked ENA to ECC ( using the new legal entities of course ) rather than RiskMantra . She is waiting on the final word about our new legal entity names , I will let you know what I hear . Thanks
No problem .
Could you please add Derek Baily ( dbailey ) to the TDS and sitara access list ? Thanks
Here is our final list of EOL products . Thanks
Here is the gas DPR for last night . You will start getting this on Wednesdays and Mondays . Please tell me if this is what you need . Thanks
The 7849 are all in-the-money financial counterparties and all physical deals we are performing on . We have gotten shorter because that is not all positions we are reporting . To the true DPR we are reporting additional books but we were told for this purpose you only wanted the deals we plan to perform on . We don't need the East/West for gas . I will fill in those additional columns for tomorrows report . Will you be sending out a new form or shall I make the changes ? Do you want an email daily or have you set up a file for these to be saved into ? Is Canada doing their part ?
Sheet 3 has been updated ( highlighted ) for all TRV users . I added the admin names in column H . Thanks
We have decided to take the curve history with us to UBS for the attached curves . We have changed the names for some of the curves so column J has additional curves that we would like to bring history . We will not continue publishing those in the future however . Thanks
try this
These are the official post-id's from Dec 31st for all live deals . We didn't have a "performance" book until January . I included Canada and EMW at the bottom if needed . Bankruptcy book
Since you need this as of the 31st , we will have to get Zhiyong the post-id's after we calc . on Thursday and should have this ready to go early next week . Is that early enough ?
Bob , The estate DPR is ready and will be run on Wednesday and Monday mornings . Thomas Underwood will be taking over that task from me .
This is what we have to look forward to . We need to get all post-id's , for the live and bankruptcy books , and get those to Sanjeev Gupta to dump into excel . Then try to tie those MTM values back to the Gross Book Balance we reported on the final NGP&L . Once that ties , we will format the info to fit schedule B . You can't wait , right ?
Sanjeev , will you be here on Thursday and Friday ? I will need your help again with a dump of data before the weekend . Thanks
Thanks , Will they also be doing those additional files that are not in the Netco directory ?
Kim , Are these physical or financial , or a combination . Do you know the termination dates ? If not , I will try to get them from the confirmations group . Thanks
Please let me know if any of this reqeuest can be done through CAS . Thanks
Could you please each take a section of this spreadsheet and search tagg for any deals with these counterparties . I need to know the exact counterparty name and if there are any deals with that counterparty for Nov-01 forward . Thanks
Thanks , I will forward this to Casey Evans to work on the Power side .
Casey , Barry Tycholiz , the west originator , has put a project in front of us . I am working on this for gas , could you help with the power side , if you have any deals with these counterparties ? Thanks
Can I get your help on the following request ? We need to find out what receivables/payables for financial and physical deals we have outstanding with the attached counterparties that we don't plan on settling . Can you please let me know if you are the right people to do this and how long it would take to get this information together ? Thanks
Kim , I am trying to find the exact termination date for the attached counterparties for physical and financial deals . Can you help me with this ?
Could you please add me to this distribution list for any issues regarding the DPR ? Thanks
Thomas , Could you use this file to replace what we currently have for the new DPR ? Thanks
More testing . Recruit as many people as you need to help you . I want these tested very thoroughly . Thanks
Does he know to set up us as web users also ? Can you add Errol to the first list ?
We are paused on this for now . UBS isn't supposed to get any Enron info and that is what this project was intended to do . Here is the attachment but don't waste any time until further notice .
Here are the updated ERV names . users highlighted in grey . Thanks
Thank you .
Also , all physical weapon-X tabs are linking to an old east book . I didn't touch that tab yet , we don't know if we're using weapon-X or sasqwatch .
James , Could you go back to the detail we used to do the form A , there is also a cross commodity file that needs to be added , and remove all intercompany deals and redo . Let me check it once you have all of those deals isolated , just to check over the names once again . Thanks
I got the Goldman counterparty names from Bill Hare and I have found 0 deals with them . Let me know if there is anything else I can do .
Price , Basis and Index .
Those two counterparties could be currently in NG-Price , ENA-WT-Socal , or ENA-WT-Cal , not just NG-Price . Thanks
Is this going to change ? Do we have a new book set up for this ?
This was settled with Chris Abel last night . We have always reported our positions in contracts , they want to see it in BCF . We will be reporting it that way going forward .
I should have a list of post-id's for you by 4:30 today . After friday , I will no longer have access to the estate , so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it . Let me know if that doesn't seem possible . Thanks
Ed , Here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate . After this weekend , we will no longer have access to the estate files , these people will be able to help you with any of your questions . We will still be around to assist them if needed . Thanks
Kristen , Attached are all live financial deals by risk type . As you can see , the price data is too large to fit into one tab . After tomorrow , I will no longer have access to the estate files . Greg Couch will be taking over the responsibility for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests going forward . Thanks
As seen below , Please start using the ENA DPR 0102 file rather than the EWS DPR 2002 file to send to Chris . The positions needed to be divided to reflect BCF's . Thanks could you also CC me the first few times you send it ?
Thanks
WT Cal has been added . Could you run those additional post-id's ? There are deals in the Aruba book so I'm not sure why you aren't picking those up . The deals are listed below . Thanks
We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders . Once we get the word from Lavo we'll let you know . Thanks
It was just a funny song making fun of Enron . You didn't miss out on much . I signed the offer letter last week , and we went through the orientation and filled out the piles of paperwork . I won't have the new title and company name officially until the 8th I heard . What is up with you ? How's the car treating you ? Were you able to sell the maroon thing ? I'm house shopping now , I want to build one , just don't know where . It is fun looking though . Talk to you later ,
Does this need to exclude intercompany deals also ?
all the other books tied out . Thanks Could you run these post-id's also . This is the last book I will need . Thanks
Correction . Ignore first email below .
Sorry , Chicago gave us the wrong post-id's . Thanks again .
I will be attending .
Here is the updated list . Thanks
Here is our updated form A without intercompany deals . Included on the last two tabs are the details they asked for from gas . We are still working on the contracts and confirms . Thanks
I have highlighted the risk people in grey . Can you add Jeff Gossett and Matt Olney ? I will send this to Power to check their names . Thanks
We don't have access to UBS applications today . They are supposed to make the switch for us tonight . I have Stephanie a list of risk people that need access to the reports so after tonight we'll be able to test it out . Thanks
Greg , There are still about 2,000 deals between ECC and Riskmantra that need to be moved to the Bankruptcy books . IT did all ECC to ENA deals , they need to change the script to ECC and Riskmantra . We started to move some of the deals manually but there are too many to do . Sanjeev Gupta has been doing this for us in the past . I left a message with him but you might want someone to follow up with him to make sure it happens before calcing time today . Here is a list of the deals if you guys are looking for work to do . Thanks
Here is a list by risk type that we plan on loading with UBS . There were some name changes to a few of the west desk curves . Lt me know if you have any questions .
We have created six new curve files for UBS . Could you please look at them and let me know if there is something in your files that you are not responsible for and we will move them . Also , you can use these files to change or update your links . O:\_dropbox\West Curves We will probably be loading these on Wednesday for the first time to do our final testing so let me know if you have any questions or need our help with this . Can you let me know when you have finished with yours so we can convert them to the new database ? Thanks If you have already done this let me know , Phillip is out all week and I don't know where he left off .
Dawn has given us until noon Wednesday to get them the final list of EOL products and book mappings . I know with the trader changes last Friday these will change again . The traders had a meeting this morning going over their curves , and it sounds like they are moving some curves between regions and might possibly be losing some locations . Since we will be testing everything on Thursday , we need to have our curve files ready to load on Wednesday to give a prior day curve for portcalc . The west traders are looking at theirs now , can you guys check with your traders and see if they need any changes made to the files , and let them change any links ? We also need to create a curve file that the traders can get to , but doesn't give them access to any of our other files , so the current location will not be the final . We can create this tomorrow once we have converted over to UBS . Thanks
Tom , Everyone in risk management needs to get access to EOL bridge monitor and reports . What do we need to do to get this and how soon can it be granted ? We need this by Thursday to be prepared for testing . Thanks
Jane , The following people will need dual access to the estate and UBS files . Scott Palmer Phillip Love Errol McLaughlin Jeff Gossett John Valdes Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks
Thanks , Will the test database be converted by Thursday ? We will be unable to verify that the deals are bridging correctly unless we can see the EOL reports .
Thanks
Yes , we are set . Thanks
Stephen , I made a copy of your BenchbyTrader and cleaned it up a little by taking out all the hidden rows and old traders . It is saved to the same directory as UBS BenchByTrader.xls Can you look at this and check the macros to make sure it all still works ? Can you use that going forward ? Thanks
Here is the risktrac book entry template for these books . This is the same info John Valdes sent you , with a few extra details added .
Do you have a list of new curves for UBS . They will only be taking over history for the curves we will continue to load .
Thanks for making those changes . Let us know when we are ready to start setting up the hierarchy . Thanks
My e-mail will change on Friday to kam.keiser@UBSWEnergy.com
There is a new directory for the curve files . I am trying to request access to this for the traders so they can't see the rest of our files . This should be done soon . Can you move your files to this drive today ?
We didn't run any reports daily for anyone . There is the DPR that needs to be updated and sent to Showna twice a week that Thomas is doing , Bankruptcy books calculated and post-id's sent to credit daily , and broker quotes need to be saved daily . Other than that , we were doing mini-books or other requests as they came .
We would like to change the Netco directory name to UBS . We will have to change the links to the NGP&L and anything else that links to files in Netco . Let me know this morning if that will be a major problem for anyone . Thanks
Could you tell me what the new Rac website address will be and when it will be ready to use ? Thanks
Keith , We are in the process of making new deal tickets for UBS and I would like to get your input . Could you look at the attached ticket and delete , add or change anything you want to . Everyone will be using this format for all non-EOL deals , one ticket per trade . Thanks
Here you go .
I will have the procedures for deal entry to you tomorrow . Keith Holst is also taking a look at the current deal ticket and might be making some changes . I'll run it by you before we finalize it . Thanks
Hey , I am going to have to miss your wedding . Unfortunately , I will be in Plano that weekend . I wish I could make it . What's going on with the UBS weather position ? Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better ? Talk to you soon ,
My RC is 0005 ,  #413 Jeff Hodge is my supervisor .
FYI , See you tomorrow night .
Your e-mail of 4/3 says that H&N is inactive . I have a Transaction Agreement Confirmation dated September 7 , 1999 , for delivery from 11/1/99 through 10/031/00 . Can you check for me to see if this Confirmation is still active . Thanks
FYI , I will be out of the office at 11:00 tomorrow , Thursday and Friday to attending ENA's legal conference .
Company 413 Read Access only to all sections , except "Credit Comments" , Houston office only . Supervisor is Jeff Hodge . Thanks
With regards to the Terminamtion Agreement , I am waiting on deal clearing on a confirmation .
RSVP for April Lunch I will pay at the door . THanks !  !
I will not be sipping , rather drowning ! 
Can you tell me what master this was originally papered under ? Many Thanks !
Would you send me the contract file for Tristar Gas Marketing Co . # 96007722 . Thanks! ! I also need a Master Firm Purchase/Sales Agreement dated 2/15/94 between ENA and H&N Gas Limited Partnership . I do not have the number , it could be under another name like TXU ? Thanks! !
The following drafts have been sent to customers: Amoco Energy Trading Burlington Resources CMS Marketing Duke Energy Reliant Energy Southern Company Citizens Utilities ( pending attorney review) . My comments regarding status of negotiations can be found in the Master Gas Agreement Database under legal remarks . I await additional credit sheets from credit dept .
As discussed , please see the attached draft .
Well it got me here . So we shall see . For $350.00 is should be working . Of course the proof will be when I go home . I am anxious to see how or if I have any puddles . Did you know today is Nony's birthday ? I can not do lunch today , but lets take her out .
No , I am going to the monthly Women's Energy luncheon , that has been paid for . May be latter in the week .
Happy Birthday ! !! ! I would like to lunch when convenient . Let me know .
Thank you for your e-mail . Please proceed with the request . Thanks
Attached is a draft of Oneok for your review . Would you send me copies of the amended guaranties you refer to in your comments on the credit sheet .
I will prepare this draft .
What is the status of these to entities ? Have we suspended trading with Crosstex ? Are negotiations on going with Proliance ? Please advise Thanks ,
We can do lunch Friday , OK ?
thanks!! !
Could you and Veronica do lunch one day next week ? Is Wednesday Ok ?
NO , I thought credit was !
Who should I contact to get copies of these Transaction Agreements ? Thanks for all your help !
Thanks again for lunch Sunday , enjoyed visiting with you .
Would you send me a copy of the Guaranty for $10 ?
Please place on your calendar I have Jury Duty Monday April 24th .
OK
Please see below .
I think this may be yours . If not , please let me know .
Please send me copies of the following transactions for this enitity: Deal Term Thanks
I am in the process of terminating the old Master as we have a new one in place . AS a result we will need to put an new Guaranty in place for this new master for Enron . Have you spoke to Tristar re this ? Thanks
The Guaranty is specific to the master . In paragraph #1 it says "...guaranty effective during the term of the Gas Contract...." . Also at the top of the agreement it says "...entering into and Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement of even date...."
Rob , I have researched your question regarding a confirm from ENA for the April 2000 delivery of 5000 MMbu at 2.77 . This transaction was papered under ENA's General Terms and Conditions . A conformation was sent to Arizona Public Service on 3/29 . I hope this clears up any confusion . If I can be of further assistance , please do not hesitate to contact me . Regards , Debra Perlingiere Legal Specialist
Do I remember you said you wanted to do lunch at 11:30 ?
I am about to explode! ! Guess who called and ask me out on a date ?
Do you still have the draft for Citizens Utilities ? Well NO! !
Thanks!! !
As discussed , please see attached .
As requested , please see attached .
Hello Judy ! Please send me this file , no rush . Contract #96022199 Thanks !
Are there any active transactions still operating under this agreement ? What kind of agreementis this ?
Just a reminder , in order to keep this project on track , I need the remaining credit sheets for those counterparties as discussed in our meeting . To date , all previous drafts have been completed and sent to those customers with negotiations in process . Thanks for your help!! !
FYI , to date I have not had a response from my e-mail of April 3 to counsel for Calpine wherein I requested the name for a draft of the master . Would you like me to follow up with them ?
We can amend , and assign everything including the guaranties , as long as I have some paper work showing the company structure . We do not need to put a new master in place .
I will agree to change Article 3.2 damages to $.10 .
Do you know the name of a contact I can send the draft at this company ? Thanks !
Mary Ogden was on my committee for the Ronald McDonald house and secured the Enron treats . Contact her , she may be able to assist you .
Do you have the name of a contact at Matrix I can send the draft too ?
Attached is a draft of the Master Agreement you requested for Matrix Oil & Gas . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance .
Please send me a credit sheet for the following: Cinnabar Energy Services & Trading , L.L.C . 13709 Southwest Bayshore Dr . Traverse City , Michigan 49696-6947 Attn: Thad Shumay , President 231-995-9259 Fax Cinnabar is a wholly owned co of Quicksilver Resources and Mercury Exploration . ENA deal person is Kevin Ruscitti Ex 3-6320 Thanks
Please see attached draft of the master . A copy of same has been placed in the mail . Please let me know if you have any question regarding same .
As a follow up to my E-mail of April 3rd , can I assist you with any additional information ? A draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement can sent by E-mail or mail this week . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance . Regards , Debra Perlingiere Legal Specialist
Please see Jennifer Fraser's memo below .
I have sent your e-mail to Stacy Dickson . She is negotiating the ca with Irving . She will provide you with an update .
Thanks for your e-mail . I also need copies of the following transactions for Tristar Gas Marketing Company K #96007722 Thanks for your help !
Good to hear from you!!! ! Berkley ? That should be interesting and educational . Richard is doing OK . Miss your persistent torment and giving it back . Good luck on the finals!! ! Let me hear from you . 
Further to our collective conversations yesterday , I have contacted counsel for CES and have sent via fax the Consents of Assignment for both parties for execution stressing the need for a quick turn around . Upon execution , I will amend the agreements for new pricing . Please let me know if you have an questions or comments .
No , I received this number from Cory Hobbs . The term is for 4/00 . Thanks
At the request of Nelson Ferries , attached is a draft of ENA's GISB with special provisions . Please give me a call with your questions and or comments at ( 713 ) 853-7658 . Regards , Debra Perlingiere Legal Specialist
FYI , I have been served with summons for Jury Duty , 8:30 Monday April 24th , in Brazoria County District Court . I will keep you advised of my status .
I would like to take 1/2 day Friday ?  Thanks ,
In response to your e-mail of 4/12 regarding Hall Energy , do NOT cancel the GTC's without discussing same with the trader or business person for the midwest . The original agreement ( Hall #96003960 ) contains very specific pricing from that well for long term use . I suspect the GTS were put into place for alternative pricing or business reasons . Nevertheless this is a business decision , therefore please talk to the trader and business person regarding this issue prior to termination of the GTCs . If I can be of further assistance , please let me know .
I neglected to suggest you might speak to Patrice Mims-Thurston . She is the trader on the Central Desk @ 35772 .
FYI , I have traded comments with TMV on a Master Firm/ Purchase Sale Agreement . However , to date no luck in getting this finalized . Please let me now if you have any suggestions regarding this customer . I have been working with TMV's Chris Van Scyoc . Thanks ,
This is the number I was given for Tristar .
Reminder , to please send a credit sheet for this company . Thanks ,
If you will give me the details , i.e . name of customer etc. , I will put together a quick draft for you this morning . We do not as a matter of policy hand out blank ca agreements . Please let me know how I can help .
I have a question . Is the Spot only to be for Texas delivery only ?
Is this for gas sales / purchases only ? Whar is the agreement to cover ?
I sent the following to MR . Somers on 4/12 . Sorry an oversight and neglected to cc you on the e-mail .
Please see attached remarks regarding this agreement .
Further to our conversation , the information regarding Houston Exploration's Consent to Assignment is as follows: Houston Exploration Ms . Greeta Patel Please instruct Ms . Patel to fax Houston Exploration's executed Consent to my attention at ( 713 ) 646-3490 . Many thanks for your help , Debra Perlingiere
Kindly fax me a copy . Regards , Debra Perlingiere
I will be departing at 12:00 today! ! Also reminder , I have jury duty Monday . Have a great weekend ! !!!!!!!!!!!! !
The only agreement currently on the Global system is a GISB . Attached is the draft sent to Tractebel .
Can you guys do lunch downstairs ?
I cannot tomorrow , I was selected for jury and will be back in court tomorrow . Maybe Friday ? Hope you had a great weekend !
Good to hear from you . I saw Lee he said the computer was not working , so I haven't tried to e-mail . Are your aches and pains getting better ? Things are about the same with me . No great mergers or acquisitions in the are of romance . Miss you terribly . When do you start treatments , and when are you coming back ? I know your dogs are glad you are home! ! Take care and know you are in my thoughts and prayers .
Attached is a draft of the Master Agreement sent to Cinnabar today . Please let me know if you have any questions .
I left a phone message with Dianne regarding Engage . I am waiting on assignments from them . If you have an matter which needs attention , please let me know .
FYI , I will be out of the office Wednesday for jury duty . Please leave a messages with Kaye Ellis or on my voice mail .
Please send me the person or persons name , phone , number , add , and any other info you have and I will proceed with the GISB .
No exciting news here . Yes , I continue to hear /see cowboy , and go out with my friends on the weekend . Will fill you in later . Glad to hear you are doing so well . Look forward to seeing you back .
Following are the deal numbers for the GTS discussed earlier: Please revise /or replace these GTCs in name only to Torch Energy Marketing , Inc . Thanks for your help !
A draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement was sent via Federal Express Monday to Thad Shumway of Cinnabar for review . I left a message this morning for Mr . Shumway and await is call . If Cinnabar agrees to the Master , we will accept a fax of their signature on page 5 , and follow with originals for execution . Dan Hyvl informed me you will contact Cinnabar today as well . I will advise you of our progress . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance . Debra
Originals were sent via Federal Express Tuesday .
I can prepare a draft of a Master Agreement after credit sends me a worksheet . I will forward your request to them and begin the process as soon as possible .
I await a call from the agent for Ralaco and Riceland . I have had two conversations with him regarding this matter . He is trying to contact the parties for execution of the consents and will fax me a copy of the executed consents upon receipt .
FYI , Dan Hyvl is working with Engage to try to get the assignments and contract issues resolved . Please contact him with any questions etc .
The Master Sale Spot with Southern Union Company is still active on our system and thus has not been terminated . Because this is old paper , we can replace same with a new Master Sale Spot terminate it , issue a newer version or prepare a GISB . Does Southern no longer wish to trade under the Spot ? .  Let me know how you want to trade ( i.e . short or long term , firm etc . and I will prepare the agreement . I need the exact name of the company and a contact , phone number .
I will let you know , I spoke to Cinnabar this am , they are currently reviewing the agreement .
Do we need collateral with this Con ED ?
I am out of Court and would like to do lunch Fri ?
I need the name and phone number for this customer . Thanks
Thanks
I inadvertently gave notice of the Meeting for May 5th , which is Friday . The correct date is the 4th on Thursday , at 2:00 p.m . 38C2 . Sorry for the confusion .
Can you do lunch downstairs ?
FYI , Nony and I are going around 12:30 if you want to join . I am going to the bank and will call when I get back ?
I would love to go , but I have tickets to the Galveston Home show that day . Have you seen the Kermilin Gold ? It is over Sunday . I would like to go after work .
Does Enron or ENA have ownership in this entity ?
Thanks ! I need to put a Master in place as there are trades out in excess of 6 months with GTC's . Please send me a credit sheet for this company . Thanks ,
Yes Tiz approved of the card . Thought of you Sat . night . I went to a play called "Sylvia" It was all about a dog . The part of the dog was played by a girlwas so cute funny . She did everything a dog would normally do . I will send you the program . Take care a do not worry about looks . OK !
Please let me know as soon as possible the volumes and delivery points for the following: Thanks for your help !
FYI , I am in the process of getting an "Assignment and Novation Agreement" executed with ProGas USA , Inc . as they want paper w/ ENA's signature . I will forward copy when received .
Can I attend tomorrow and pay at the door ? I did not make reservations ?
Please add my name . Thanks !
As an update on negotiations on this agreement , several messages have been left for Mr . Shumway . The last being this morning and was advised he is in their Fort Worth office this week . I will keep you informed of my progress .
Nelson , are you in contact with this customer ? I have not heard from them regarding the draft of the master . Please advise of status . Also , I do not have a phone number for Mr . Madden . Would you send me his phone / fax number . Thanks ,
Please let me know if you need anything else !
I cannot believe you actually e-mailed!!!! ! I would love to do lunch . So far , next week is open . I will inquire about openings here .
Tomorrow is Thursday , close to Friday !  Tomorrow or Friday , I need a copy of the following: These should be GISBs . I will pick them up when ready . Many thanks ,
Clinton greater than 6 month deals: Delivery Point: Columbia Gas Trans- Appalachia pool . Firm ENA sale to Clinton . 15,000 MMBtu/day .  Delivery Point: Columbia Gas Trans- Appalachia pool . Firm ENA purchase from Clinton . 15,000 MMBtu/day .  Many thanks !  !
Do you have a phone number for Brenda McAfee at Dynegy ?
Rachel , Russell Diamond has given me your request for a GISB , and I have reviewed same . Please give me a call at your convenience to discuss this agreement . Regards , Debra Perlingiere Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp .
Please see below .
Do you have a phone number and fax number for Terrence Kain ?
FYI , I have received a fully executed GISB between Midcon Texas Pipeline Operator , Inc . and ENA . A copy of same is coming to you . If you have any questions about this agreement please contact Dan Hyvl .
I should be able to get a draft of our GISB to them this afternoon . I will keep you advised .
Please see attached draft of a GISB sent this morning to Terrence Kain .
Do you want a GTC for short term or spot ? Please let me know what kind of trades you anticipate and I will e-mail the form .
For job search: 2 . Click on "Work at Enron" -- jobfinder 3 . At search screen check location ( Houston ) search by description ( Human Resources , Manager ) Job ID numbers: 0000103012
I have the GISB' s ready to send you . Is there any other points we should discuss before I send them ? If not , they are on their way . Regards , Debra Perlingiere Legal Specialist
Attached is a draft of our GISB agreement for your review . Upon your review , please give me a call . Regards , Debra Perlingiere Legal Specialist
I think it was my fault re the attachment , please see below . My number is
Do you know what the volumns per day are for # 260994 as well as the delivery point ? Devon Petroleum Corporation . Thanks
Can you send credit sheets for the following: Enron Compression Services Co . Devon Petroleum Corporation . Thanks
Please send me the name and phone number for your contact and I will work on a GISB with them .
FYI , a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for Crosstex Energy Services , Ltd . is fully executed as of May 10 , 2000 , and routed to Contract Administration for handling .
We are in the process on getting new computers / windows 2000 , Brad / Veronica were included in my e-mail and for some reason did not go through . They were working on my computer yesterday and today . Sorry
Please put together a credit worksheet for Arizona Public Service Company . This is not a rush , but I would like to have by middle or end of next week . Thanks
Sorry for the delay in my reply . I have a conflict the weekend of the walk and will be unable to participate , but please keep me in mind for next year . Regards , Debra Perlingiere
Have you spoke to anyone at Cinnabar ? I was curious about the status of our Master Draft . Please advise if you any additional information . Thanks , Debra
Anyone want to do lunch ?
Are we going out ?
Thanks , did you send me the volumns for #170187 ? Thanks for your assistance .
I have determined we do not currently have an agreement in place for long term transactions and have requested credit sheets for same . Devon Petroleum Corp . Vol . is 1 MMbtu @ day 5/00 through 6/01 , delivery TransWestern Pipeline .
I spoke with them today , they are working on credit matters with our credit . I will keep you informed . Thanks ,
Sorry to hear about your car , been there . Are we doing anything tonight ? I have not heard from anyone ? I would like to check things out at the church in Bz , but confess I would want someone to drive , and knowing that area it might not be the target rich environment we are looking for . But , you never know ! I have plans to help you move next weekend if you are still going on Sat . I am anxious to see the changes in your new home . If I do not see you this weekend , let me what time and where for Sat .
The thing at Bz is that interfaith singles something ? I will not have a chance to come by tomorrow as I will be tied up all day . Maybe I can get by on Sun . Are you going to be at the new place ? Do you have Marcia's e-mail address ?
Test Mail
With regards to our discussion concerning ENA verses ECC , the delivery point will determine which company to use . If the delivery point is a border point , I will write and agreement for you with ENA . Also , if the deal is made in Houston I can write the agreement . I hope this is helpful . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance . Regards , Debra Perlingiere
Are you available for lunch tomorrow ?
I usually go around 12:30 but can go any time you want , unless work gets in the way .
To update you on recent activities regarding GIBSs , here is a list of those I am currently negotiating and those I will pass on to you for handling: Entergy Power Marketing / Entergy Power Inc . GISBs out for execution . Con Ed Energy Drafts sent for customer for review . Draft sent to customer for review . Southern Cal Gas Currently reviewing their draft . I will give you the following requests for handling: Virginia Power Services Energy Corp. , Inc . Arizona Public Service Kinder Morgan I will meet with you to discuss the above .
Please see the following: I did not put "Draft" on this as I thought they might be ready to execute . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Are you still planning on moving this weekend ? I can help on Sat . afternoon and I will try to encourage Kirk and others to help if you want .
I have received your e-mail and attachment in good order . I will return same to you as soon as possible . Regards , Debra Perlingiere
I have the old hair thing Sat . morning and after that I will be free . See you Sat, .
Re: Russell Diamond's 5/5 e-mail , I am preparing a Master draft .
Test
Did you pass all your exams ? Are you in California ? Let me know how you are doing ? How is your love life ? Any prospects ? I will forward your address! ! Watch out for those earth quakes , fires , mud slides , fruits and nuts !
Please see attached revised ABB Special Provisions:
I pulled Dan in to listen to the voice mail . Dan says , to go ahead and write a new Master under the new name w/ whom ever the guarantor is as long as you are comfortable with this . After the new agreement is executed , we can move the old transactions over to the new Master as necessary . With regards to Heartland's legal stauts , I will do the due diligence . Have a good time!!! !
These changes are ok . In addition , please add "Transporter" after "Seller's" in line 8 of "8.5" ( 1) .
Does Enron currently have any bankruptcy issues regarding Canadian River Gas . Corp ? Thanks
Thanks !
Will try again !
There does not appear to be any bankruptcy issues with this company .
Please send me credit sheets as soon as possible for: ABB Alstom Power , Inc . for HPL and ENA . Thanks
Can you do lunch ?
yes
I have notified credit of the Notice of Dissolution and they do something in the system that prevents any trades on this company . So we should be ok .
Please keep me on your list for the September amendment to the Guaranty and the name of the general partner . Thanks
Bernadette , In response to your fax of May 15th , attached is a draft of a GISB between Enron and Delmarva . Please review and me your comments and or questions and I will complete the draft . Also , as you can tell I need information billing , invoice , information etc . Very truly yours , Debra Perlingiere
Thanks I will begin the process for a Master and reply on status of other .
FYI , I am sending today , via overnight delivery a draft of a new Master agreement to John Williams for review . I will keep you informed on my progress .
Are you sending a confirm for this ? Please let me know if you need any help .
Global shows there is a Master Spot , Master Firm Purchase / Sale , and Master Sale Spot in place w/ Gulf . There is no need to send this "Annex B" with the confirm as this language is generally in each of these Masters currently . Please let me know which agreement you confirm under . Thanks for your help !
We will confirm this transaction under one of the existing Masters for this entity . Thanks ,
OK , Thanks ! ! !
May I take 1/2 day Friday ? Thanks
I have not set a date yet . I will be discussing same w/ Jeff and let you know .
This is a test
I do not know what "updates" to FM you are referring too ? I am unaware of any changes or revisions to FM language in the physical agreements .
Thanks ! ! !
Are we in good order with Southern Union Company ? Or do you still want me to draft a GISB ? Please advise . Thanks !
Victoria , Further to our conversation , attached is a draft of a GISB for your review . Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions or comments . Regards ,
So sorry !  Here it is .
Please send a credit sheet for ABB Alstom Power , Inc . for ENA/HPL as soon as possible , and a credit sheet for HPL/ ENA for ANP Marketing . Please note a Master was sent in December of 99 to ANP for ENA . Thanks ! 
Please add to your list of credit sheets , Reliant Energy Services LTD .
Yes , I have Monday off . I am sure Kurt would be game for movies / hot dogs . Are we the only three in town ? Where is Richard this weekend ? I will let you know . I am waiting to see what happens on the baseball tickets .
Marci said Julie , and Kyle are out I think . You could try them . What about Pat ? I have not seen him in a long time .
Can I have a copy of contract # 96013277 , this is a GISB . Thanks !
Are you currently involved in any negotiations w/ Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ?
yes
I will be taking 1/2 day tomorrow , leaving at noon!!!! !
YES ! ! !
Please send me a credit sheet for Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation Thanks !
Sorry ENA
What day did you want to get together ? It does not look like I will be going to the game . Kurt said he is busy Sun / Mon .
Have you talked to Kurt re Sat ? I will talk to him tonight . Can we start at 5:00 ? Are you sure we want to use that "Jen Air" I have certain memories that thing . Have you used it ? I thought we might grill some vegetables on it . I will bring stuff for cheese dip and what ever else . How many of us will be there ?
How much exposure / long term deals do we currently have w/ these two companies ? Thanks !
What is the name of our new HR rep. ? Can you do lunch ?
Are you free tomorrow or Fri. ?
It is good for me .
Could I get a copies of these Duke Energy Trading and Marketing , LLC agreements: Thanks! !
Re: your phone message , I spoke to D . Morales and will do the Master for HPL .  My Live Link does not work at all . Do you have the name of the person to notify ? Thanks !
Diana , Further to our conversation , attached is a draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between Duke and Houston Pipe Line Company . Please give me a call with your questions or comments regarding the draft . Very truly yours ,
Yaron's new e-mail address is
Dear Carissa: Further to our conversation , attached is a redline draft of a Master Firm Gas Purchase/ Sale Agreement between Enron North America Corp . and Aquila Canada Corp . for your review . In response to your letter of May 9 , 2000 , all revisions as agreed have been incorporated in this draft . With regards to "#5" in your letter , you are correct , there are reciprocal guarantees in place . Exhibits C and D as contained herein will be copies of same . Finally , concerning "# 4" in you letter , Article 14 Force Majeure . Please note the change to your suggested request . Please do not hesitate to give me a call with any questions or comments regarding the agreement . Thanks for your assistance . Very truly yours ,
What do you need for Sat. ?
Thanks!! !
We are in final negotiations , they are ready to sign , two issues regarding Enron's Guaranty remain .
Bernadette , I have been advised by our people that the error regarding online trading has been corrected . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance . Also , I have placed in overnight delivery a fully executed GISB for your records . Finally , please let me know if you have any questions regarding the Master agreement . We will need to put a Master in place for any transactions in excess of 30 days . Regards ,
As a friendly reminder , I still need credit sheets for the following: Enron LNG Atlantic Holdings Ltd . / ENA ( this is for Jeff please send asap ) Aquila Energy Marketing / HPL Reliant Energy Services Ltd . / HPL Devon Petroleum Corp . ENA Enron Compressor / ENA Thanks !
What is the status of Coral Energy Canada Inc . and Enserch Energy Canada LP ?
THANKS ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Thanks for the invitation . However , as I do not normally get home until after 7:00 and have the dog thing I must decline . But thanks anyway !
I will prepare this draft .
I want you to lunch with Nony and I tomorrow ?
Ms . Nony is busy for lunch . Is 12:30 OK ?
We can go Friday , but Nony will be out . we can meet with her next week .
I have not sent them a draft ?
Kim Bennick may join us for lunch , if ok w/ you . Do you wnat to eat here ?
All I have to say is , I hope you purchased a box or bushel of the SISSI chocolates . That was one of the finest pieces of chocolate I have ever had ! It was milk chocolate w/raspberry liquor filling . I am now about to embark on Mozart !  ! Thanks a bunch!!! !
Concerning the status of Cinnabar , Mr . Shumway and I are currently discussing requested changes in the Guaranty involving letters of credit and damages . We cannot agree to their suggested change in language to the Guaranty . Therefore as some of their transactions are for 30-60 days and they are looking at on line trading , I purposed for the short term a GISB . He agreed , and I will be sending our draft of same to him for review ( I will include you in my e-mail) . The issue of the Master is still open and I await his final response . I will keep you informed of Cinnabar's status .
ECT Master Gas Agreements is my only database . It appears to be OK .
Further to our conversation , attached is a draft of Enron North America Corp.'s GISB with our Special Provisions . Please give me a call with any questions or comments regarding this agreement . Regards ,
Allison cannot make lunch today , but you and I and Janette can go .
Is online trading for firm only ?
Thanks !
Do you have a phone number for Mark Powell , or does he go by another name ? I can not find him in the directory ?
Please place the attached in attorney files . Thanks! !
At your convenience , please give me a call re Torch .
Are you going tonight ?
As an update , I have not heard from Terrence Kain re the GISB sent for review on May 5th . Have you had an occasion to discuss the GISB with them ? Do you want me to continue to pursue this agreement ?
Did you get my phone message regarding the toothpicks ? Can you do lunch with Nony/ I on Thursday ?
Is Constellation Energy Source related to Constellation Energy Source ?
This worksheet does not have a threshold or triggering event ?
Attached is a draft of a Master Agreement for Markwest . To whom do I send the draft to ? Or do you want to forward same to Markwest ? Please advise .
Do you have a contact for me to send the Master Agreement to ?
If you will order some de-cafe tea for the floor , Shelia said I could charge it to her RC . Thanks!! !
Reminder , we are to do lunch Thursday!!!!!!!! ! 12:30 ?  @
As you can see , Allison has had her mind changed about tomorrow , so you and I can go . How is your mother ?
Janette and I are going to lunch today if you want to join us .
Have you been in contact with this company ? The phone numbers I have no longer work ? Are they still in business ? Please advise ?
The drafts for Master Physical Agreements have been completed , and await Stacy's review . To the Susan's: I have been instructed to send Forest Oil via e-mail to the customer . Are you doing same ? I will coordinate with you to send Energen with your agreement when ready .
Please read the attached . This is one of my friends from the "B" group . She is a free-lance writer for several magazines . Do you know of anyone she could interview ? What not you ?
I have one friend , I sent her your e-mail , await her reply . Well keep you aprised . Are you going Friday night ? If so , is Mr . ( the one you like ) going ?
Do not call him ! I was asking for your interests not mine . Have a great weekend !
I left you a message by phone regarding Sat ? Do you have plans ?
Anyone interested in going downstairs for lunch at 12:30ish ?
Gee Thanks! ! Ok , I am woman enough to take on Richard/ ?  I thought if you were going to attend , I would offer to run interference between Richard and ?  for you .
I have a fetish "Horse" necklace made by a member of the Quandelacy family which unfortunately has a broken pipestone horse . Can you suggest how I might have same repaired . Thanks !
Have a great weekend ! Happy Fathers Day !
don.nicolson.promark.ab.ca is not a deliverable e-mail address in this form . Please send me a phone number and or corrected address . Thanks !
The attached draft has been sent to the customer via e-mail .
Give me a call Give me a call !
We do not have a LC form for gas .
Please see the attached concerning my remarks to the Addendum of the GISB .
Here is the draft for Woodward .
No , as I vaguely recall , Mr . Powell was ok w/ the increase to $50mm . on their part . However , I would want to discuss it w/ him again .
I will arrive a little late tomorrow , due to car repairs . I should be here by or before 9:30 .
Poor Mouse ! This sounds like fun ! I would like to come if here .
Can you do lunch Friday w/ Nony and I ? 
We can eat in or down the street ,  but will see you get back in an hour . I am sure downstaris will be fine w/ Nony . 12:30 ? 
Please mark you calander for 12:30 , Friday for lunch .
I have not made plans , but may travel to visit my parents that week . Also , if I come can I bring my little dog . I have a pet carrier and he is well behaved . Can you do lunch tomorrow ?
Sarah Pyles
Victoria , Now it is my turn to apologize for a late response . Having said that , I have reviewed your remarks regarding the GISB my comments are as follows: Section 1.2 Transactions may be negotiated orally or online . In either case Enron will send a written confirmation via fax or electronic for the trade . I hope this helps in clearing any confusion regarding the oral designation in Section1.2 . Section 7.2 With regards ACH , I am waiting on a response from my accounting dept . Section 13.5 Concerning jurisdiction we will agree to New York . Please let me have your thoughts regards these issues . Regards ,
Janette and I are lunching tomorrow if you want to join .
Judy Maclachlan TransCanada Energy Marketing Calgary , Alberta Canada Judy , Further to our conversation , attached is a draft of a Master Agreement for TransCanada Energy Marketing . I anticipate sending a draft of the Master Agreement for TransCanada Gas Services Inc . late today or early tomorrow . Also as you may recall , with regards to the guaranties , I have left Section 4.5 in the draft however , the exhibits noted are not attached to this document . I look forward to working with you in completing these agreements . Regards ,
I wanted to let you know I am currently negotiating two Master Gas Agreements with TransCanada for the two entities listed above . As previously discussed , credit suggests increasing TransCanada Pipelines Ltd.'s guaranty to $50MM and decreasing Enron's to the same amount . Have you discussed TransCanada's guaranty ? Is $50MM large enough to cover your agreement ? Veronica Espinoza(66002 ) in credit is working with me on guaranty issues . Finally , did you receive copies of Enron's and TransCanads's guaranty ? If not , let me know I will fax same . Their guaranty expires the end of this month . Regards ,
Here is the draft for TransCanada Gas Services Inc .
Please give me some information regarding the gas contracts referenced in your e-mail . Are you working with Brant Reves in credit ? I am unclear as to the "gas contracts" . Thanks !
I will be in Houston Sat .
Rats ! Rats ! Do you not have enough trouble with mice ? I am suppose to have dinner with a good friend who just joined Enron . Will I see you Sun. ?
Kurt and I and whom ever may do the show / or dinner thing Friday night . Do you want to join us ? How was your tournament ?
I may be a little late tomorrow . I am going for the car thing .
You were inadvertently mistaken for Dan Heil ? 
Proliance: Have you heard from these guys ? I have left phone messages etc . to no avail . Connective: Guaranty status Tractebel: Guaranty status Heartland ? I have updated my remarks in the database and all is current if you need information on other agreements . Thanks !
Thanks !  What about Heartland ?
FYI , In reference to your memo of May 5th , I prepared and sent a new Master to Pan on May 1st . Since then , I have trouble getting in touch with anyone at Pan to discuss the agreement . The treasurer referred me to Rick Tucker ( 713 ) 331-5049 . He stated Pan is not ready to consider new paper , as the one in place is working fine and not priority . But would review the new agreement when he had time .
The company is Marine Exchange 713-678-7711 . When you call tell them to place you on their watch list w/ 24 hours notice .
Please give me an update or status for the following: Dynegy Canada Inc . When we last spoke , you were in the review process and wanted to make changes to credit terms . Please advise on how I should proceed . Engage Energy Canada LP The draft went to Engage in Oct . of last year . You had said you wanted to change credit terms ? Do you want me to keep trying with this draft or send a new one ? TransAlta Energy marketing Corp . Do you want to change the credit terms ?  Reliant energy Services Canada Ltd . They have requested a Master with HPL ? Please let me have your thoughts on each of these by early tomorrow as I have to give Jeff / Stacy a memo regarding progress . If was my understanding from my last conversation with Veronica that there is significant exposure with some of these . Many thanks !
I have not talked to Kurt yet , but I will call him tonight or tomorrow and let you know . Remeber we have a baseball game Sun . in the heat ! 
I have a customer that has requested ACH rather than wire transfer for payment . Is this a problem ? Please advise . I will be drafting physical gas contracts for this company , Thanks for your assistance .
I have determined the GISBs referred to earlier were acquired by ENA through Columbia Energy Services . I will be faxing those to you soon . They are executed but in the name of CES . Regarding those agreements , we have Consent Agreements for assignment from MarkWest . Concerning the Master Sale Spot Agreement dated 5-1-90 , I have located same and will send you a fax of it as well . I agree , with your suggestion to terminate the previous agreements and we can begin with a new GISB . I have not yet determined ,  do you know if there are any trades booked under any of these contracts ? If so , we can move them to the new agreement , Regards ,
As discussed please see the attached agreement .
THANKS !  !
I spoke to Kurt , he is writing a paper for his class tonight . So he is out of the picture . But if you want to grab a late dinner ( 7:30 ?  ) or something else I am game . I will e-mail others .
Is anyone interested in a late dinner / or movie tonight . By late I mean
No , well maybe , I am still scheduled for dinner in Houston I am not sure how late I will be but , will see you Sunday .
You are stuck with me for lunch again , Allison had a death in the family and is at the funeral today . 12:30 ?
Concerning the CES GISBs , we perfer to terminate these agreements and replace with Enron's GISB and special provisions . ENA's Special Provisions contains certain language regarding Force Majeure .
Victoria , Regarding Section 7.2 of the GISB "Wire Transfer" to "Automated Clearinghouse" we will agree to ACH . Regards
Victoria , Regarding Section 7.2 of the GISB "Wire Transfer" to "Automated Clearinghouse" , we will agree to ACH . Regards
For some reason I did not receive the e-mail with attached GISB . Please send same again . Thanks , and have a great weekend .
I will arrive around 9:30 Monday , due car repairs .
Please do not forget to send me the update on Canadian agreements . Thanks , have a great weekend !
Where are we with this customer ? I am trying to get them to discuss a master ! Thanks !
I left a message with "Kevin" to give me a call ASAP !
I will incorporate these revisions and forward executable documents via over night delivery today . Regards ,
Execution documents are going out this afternoon for overnight delivery to
FYI , John Grass and I spoke to Curt Hribernik this morning regarding various issues in the Master . There has been a change in their corporate structure such that it appears they may have stronger financial backing or at the very least a change . I requested they send documents reflecting ownership and name change . Curt indicated they would be able to provide a LC . I told him he and or his credit dept . would need to discuss these issues with you before we could continue . I will send you information when I receive same .
In addition to the information provided , I also need the state of incorporation for Victoria International Ltd . Thanks ! Regards ,
Further to our conversation , please see attached . Regards ,
Further to our conversation , please see attahced .
To update you on the status of this customer . With regards to the Master Agreement , we await their response regarding two points in the Guaranty . Concerning the GISB , at their request I have e-mailed again our draft .
Will I see you Fri night ?
Please see attached draft of Master Agreement for Midwest Energy . ( Jeff's final revisions )
Sorry , my boss came in , we are working on a rush project . will meet you at the up escalator to the energizer .
Hope to see you Fri !
Unknown to me .
Sorry , I do know something , we tried to put a master in place in April / 1999 , without success .
Where do we stand with Connectiv ? 
Thanks , I spoke with her today and will send her a draft .
Will you be there tonight ?
Are you lunchable today ?
Maria , Further to our conversation , please see the attached GISB draft .
I spoke to Jeff regarding the next meeting , he said we would talk about it next week . He has been in England on business for the past week or so . I will forward a notice to you upon his decision . Thanks !
I am not having any luck in getting them to discuss this Master . Any suggestions ? We need to get this agreement in place .
A reminder to please send me the guaranty or a draft of same in order that I may send it along with the draft of the Master to Wicor . In addition , please review the MAC clause in the agreement and advise if you have any changes . Thanks !
You will do fine on the exam . Do not worry!!! ! No , the new garage is still under construction . Yes , you were spoiled !  Glad to know California is still full of fruits and nuts and the women are inferior to TEXAS women . Take care !
Where are we with this customer ? Have they refused to increase their guaranty ? Please advise .
I will be leaving at 1:30 PM tomorrow for a doctors appointment , and return if time permits .
Thanks for your e-mail . I feel like our accounting dept . or contract administration has somehow billed incorrectly . I have spoke to the attorney and trader and have been told you should be billed by Enron North America ( ECT ) and not HPL . This agreement has not been assigned to HPL . I will be in touch , and hope to have this resolved on Monday . Thanks for your assistance .
I have prepared a master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for Enron LNG . Can you provide me with the name of person at Enron LNG I should direct this to ? Thanks for you help .
I have prepared a Master gas agreement for Clinton and need to forward to same . Can you provided me with the name of the person to direct this agreement to . Thanks for your help .
I did receive your e-mails and apologize for my late response . Yes , I will be the negotiating person for the agreement with the exception of credit terms and issues , but will also be involved in the background with credit . I hope to e-mail you my comments by the end of next week . Regards ,
Thanks for the Happy Birthday ! You know at this age you do not want any Have a good day!!! !
Rob , I have completed revisions to the attached GISB as discussed . We agree to your Special Provisions . Please note this version will not show your special provisions as I am in the process of integrating same . Please review the GISB and let me know if you have any questions or comments . I will prepare execution documents . Best regards ,
Thanks again for lunch / gift . Smells great! !
Please see below the e-mail from our customer Central Power & Light . I have discussed this w/ Dan Hyvl and he says there is an error an the billing should be from ENA not HPL likewise the payee should be ENA . Can you help me w/ this ? Please let me know the outcome . Thanks !
I have completed my review of International Paper's Natural Gas Sales and Purchase Agreement as requested . As constructed , there are numerous revisions that would need to be made for this agreement to be acceptable . Having said that , are you aware we currently have in place a Master Sale Firm Agreement with IP dated May 5 , 1995 ? Please let me know how you would like to proceed .
Would you send me another fax of the agreement at issue ? I have sent the previous fax to our contract administration and billing departments . Thanks ,
Thank you , I have received your fax and directed it to our contract administrator . I agree , it should be billed from Enron North America ( formerly ECT) . I am pushing to cure this error this week . I will keep you informed of our progress . Thanks for your patience . Best Regards ,
I have sent you via , our clerk a copy of the GTC . Please let me know if it does not reach you . Thanks ,
Please see attached regarding Central Power & Light . I cannot believe this!! !
I would like to take the following vacation days: Friday July 14th Monday July 31st ---Monday August 7th .
We cannot assign this agreement to HPL . Although the billing was in error , the transaction was confirmed under , and rightfully so Enron North America . We of course will correct our records and future billing statements . We are sorry for any inconvenience . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance .
I took 1 hour for Dr.'s appt . on July 7th . All other time is same .
Enjoy !
I wanted to tell you what was on Gary's Truck Plate , it has a picture of a bulldog and reads , "if you can't play with the big dogs , don't get off the porch" .
I am sure he thinks he is !
So does this included the guys ? There is just so much to do in LJ ! Dinner/ video ?
I will be out of the office Friday July 14th .
Yes , I have heard about the changes in your life . I will make some inquires and get back with you . Did you look at Enron.com in the job bank ? My CD player has cost the price of a VERY good bottle of something to have 2 extracted ! NOT my fault . It is working only as a single player , the changer cannot be trusted . Have a great weekend , I will be in touch !
As discussed , please see attached .
I have discussed the GISB , and sent them our version .
I am putting a Master Gas Agreement in place w/ Connective . Russell Diamond has asked me to contact you re their guaranty . I need for their guaranty to us to also cover physical gas trades . Please advise . Thanks ,
The following agreements have been executed . Copies of same have been sent to Ms . Campbell Woodward Marketing Victoria International Aquila Canada Corp .
Thanks , but no . The pearls I am looking for are 1inch or more long .
Thanks , I am sending you a new HPL GISB w/ Texaco
I will be out of the office tomorrow , please leave a message on my home phone re FRI .
I am in receipt of your e-mail concerning comments to the Master Agreement . As previously discussed , we await a letter of credit from your company . I have reviewed your comments and ready to proceed as soon as credit issues are resolved . Please do not hesitate to contact me should you have any additional questions or comments .
A couple of things I wanted to tell you . 1 . There is a company in Houston named "Compsys" . I have been told they are the contract agency who places computer staff here . Which is a good way to get in . Sorry , I do not have their number . 2 . In addition to searching enron.com , also search enron.net , this is our broadband network . Please see below .
I will be happy to provide you with comments however , an agreement cannot be put in place until credit issues are resolved . If you would like to discuss credit terms and letter of credit please contact Russell Diamond with our credit dept . at 713-345-7095 .
Thanks !
Thanks , I would also like to get a copy of a form of the guaranty or executed copy for use as an exhibit .
Yes , I sent an origianl confirm to the customer .
I have or can have , tickets for "Big Band" night at the LJ Symphony . This Sat . night , at 7:00 . It is casual and they are having an ice cream social as well . I need to know before Wed . if you want to go . I can probably get a few more tickets as well . Leave me a message .
Would you prepare a credit sheet for Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation and Thanks !
Lunch tomorrow me you and Genia .
Do not know , if she drives we may go off campus . She likes to go out . But may stay here . I will let you know . Are you lunchable today ? Where is Nony ?
Thank you for the e-mail . I will get back with you as soon as I here from credit . Regards ,
Have you had a chance to review the draft of this agreement ? Please advise in order that I can forward same for signing . Also provide me with the name of your contact . Thanks !
please send me a corrected credit sheet for wicor when you have a chance . thanks !
Sat . night at 7:30 the LJ symphony is presenting "Big Band" night with ice cream social to follow . Please send an e-mail to everyone to let them know . Tickets are $12.50 each and can be reserved / or purchased at the box office at the art center during the day or after 1:00 pm on Sat . I have one extra ticket if any one is interested . Attire is nice casual .
Is 12:00 ok ? Where ?
Its your call , you know I am happy as a hog as long as I get to eat .
GG wants to go out and leave at 11:20
Did you receive my e-mail re SAT. ?
Please fax a WMBE approval form to the following: Jerry Curry Phone 703-790-3502
test
Do you want to make any changes to Conectiv's credit terms ? Last we spoke you had thresholds at 5/10 m,multiples of $250,000 , defaults at 50/100 , and our gty for 10m , and I am waiting on their guaranty .
What is the latest on Tractebel ? Have you had a chance to review the credit terms for Idacorp amendment ? Thanks
Can you prepare me a new credit sheet for this E company . Please see below . Thanks !
Thanks for the e-mail . I will draft another agreement . Do you wish to see this draft before I send same ? Also , I need the name of the person to send this to ?
Enron LNG Marketing LLC Print Date 7/18/2000 Status: Active Formation: Delaware Group: CALME-LNG Last Update: Bank Res . Effective: Project: Legal Asst.: SBruck Attorney: Entity Type: Employees: Limited Liability Company No Tax Classification: SIC: Articles ( F)-latest: Memo ( F)-latest: Bylaws ( D)-latest: Non-Enron Managed: False Comment: Annual Meeting: Primary Address: Registered Address: 1400 Smith Street Houston Texas 77002 The Corporation Trust Company 1209 Orange Street Wilmington , Delaware Purpose of Business: To market and sell liquefied natural gas from the Venezuela LNG Project . Former Name(s ) From Date Through Date Enron LNG Marketing L.L.C . DIRECTORS: Title: OFFICERS: Title: ATTORNEYS: Title: COMMITTEE MEMBERS: Title: OTHER: Title: INTEREST LLC - See Narrative Price/Par Value: Date Authorized: Authorized: SYMBOL: Outstanding: Issued: # in Treasury: Comment: Date Issued Current Owner(s ) Certificate No . No . of Shares or Transferred Value of Consideration: Consideration: Comment: DIRECT SUBSIDIARIES % Ownership Shares Jurisdiction Charter No . Date Agent Delaware Formation The Corporation Trust Company Texas Qualification C T Corporation System NARRATIVES CONFIDENTIAL , PROPRIETARY DATA INFORMATION MAY NOT BE CURRENT .
OK
Could I have a copy of this contract Thanks !
Your are invited to join Kim and I for lunch today . I want to got to Highland Village to Harolds and LaMadelline unless my better sense take hold .
Ok , come see me before you leave for the day !
These are changes Idacorp would like to make to our amendment . Would you look over these ?
Please place on your calender my vacation days beginning July 31st through August 7th . Thanks !
Idacorp is faxing me a $10m guarantee from Enron to them with an expiration date of 9/00 . In order for us to receive the $5m guarantee from Idacorp Inc . as noted on your amendment sheet , I need for you to speak to Bob Kenison 208-388-6407 in their credit dept . Thanks
A WMBE was executed in January of this year for this enitity and is in place .
Could I please see the following files as soon as possible . Markham Gas Corp . # 96008478 Thanks
Did you get an answer to your question ?
I am putting a Master Agreement together for a customer that will agree only to New York law . Do you have a problem with changing the jurisdiction in Enron Corp.'s guaranty ( item #8 , second page of the Enfolio Master ) to New York law ?
Thanks so much . I will see you Fri . for sure , and I can come by an get the books Sat . I am so glad to get these books . Regarding the symphony , I have purchased two season tickets for next season , and we can go again . The season begins in September .
Are you going Fri . night ? I need some good competition .
As discussed , please see attached draft of GISB .
Where are we with the Master and Torch ?
As discussed please see the attached sample master agreement . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance .
Please note the previous GISB sent to you incorrectly had Enron North America as the contract party . Please see attached .
This is so cute , open the TSO meeting .
Further to our conversation , please see attached draft of GISB with HPL . Please give me a call should yo have any queations . Regards ,
FYI , I have sent a draft of a GISB to Torch .
My rsvp for August luncheon . Thanks !
We can date the GISB as of December however , this would in itself not place the transactions under this paper . These transactions were previously papered under GTCs were they not ? Were they rejected for some reason ?
I wish I could be there . I know it will be a great time , but I will be in Arkansas . Will I see you tonight ?
Further to our conversation , please see attached draft of a GISB for your review . Please give me a call with your questions and or comments .
I will be out of the office next week and the following Monday . In my absence please contact Stacy or Dan . Russell , I am still holding the following pending your instruction: Heartland
I will be out of the office beginning July 31st through August 7th . Concerning the status of all matters I am currently working on please see attached . Also , the Gas Contracts Data Base contains current information as well as comments from credit . Finally , my contract files in the computer are under dperlin/ 2000/contracts , and files for each matter are in alpha order on my desk . I will check my phone mail during the week .
I will be out of the office today for a doctors appointment from 12:45 -
As discussed , please see the attached sample agreement .
The Master Firm Purchase Sale Draft was sent to Enron LNG on July 20thfor review . To date , there has been no response .
As discussed , please see the attached draft of GISB . Regards ,
Nice to hear from you . Look forwad to seeing you at our next function . Are you in Houston ? If so , where ?
Are you guys going to the UH Happy Hour today ? If so , I would like to go with you .
Please see the attached confirmation I will send out to re-confirm under the new Enfolio Master Agreement dated 6-1-2000 .
Yes , lets terminate the older agreement provided there are no deal s still in effect . Do you have a form of termination letter ? Does contract adm take care of these ?
Yes it is one of those lawyer words , means to bring about .
Russell has inquired as to whether or not the fully executed agreement has been sent to Heartland as they have not received same .
I need ASAP ( today please ) a credit worksheet for this company . Thanks !
Confirm dated 7/25 . Thanks
In preparing for our meeting with Exxon , I have hit a dead end with regards to the "Agreement" he cites in his fax to us . I have searched and others as well to no avail . Therefore , would you ask Jacobson to fax you/me the entire agreement he is referring too because it does not exist in our world . Thanks !
Please send your "OK" to Janette for a lap top . Thanks ! Janette your suggestion for the "M-700" is my choice . Thank you ! 
In a conversation with Randy Miller of Texla , the following credit issues were raised: 1 . Texla would like to raise their threshold to $200,000; 2 . In place of a LC Texla would offer furture trades within 24 hours . As previously discussed , I can write the language , the decision is a credit call .
Do you know if we received a GISB for Exxon and CES ? If so , what is the name on the agreement for Exxon ? Thanks !
Richard Jeffrey is not located at 3852 .
Sorry , Jan this file will not open . Please fax me the agreement . My fax number is 713-646-3490 . Thanks !
What is the current state w/ Tractebel ? They are anxious to close this deal .
I have not amended these agreements ?
You know when you get older the first thing to go is the mind/ eyes . Hear they are . Sorry !
Have you had a chance to look at the"Letter in Lieu" for conveyance ?
FYI , I have exchanged comments with Jan re the Master Agreement and are ready to proceed . We are waiting on their credit department .
I sent copies to you / Veronica of their letter regarding assignment . If you did not receive same let me know , will forward again . Thanks
FYI , I am still waiting on a credit worksheet from Bradford .
Thanks for the fax . Would spot transactions under an interruptable agreement would be for delivery in Canada or US ?
Thanks ! Depending on delivery , we could use our "Spot" agreement without changes to accommodate Canadian standards . Otherwise I will modify where need . Please advise .
Sounds good . Where / when ?
Do you have a new phone number for Mike Marreli . 920-490-6895 is not working ? Thanks !
OK
I spoke w/ Mike , he says the executed amendments will be signed today and sent to my attention today as well .
It is great to hear from you ! Yes , I was sad to see them move , but know it will be better for both . We have a lot catch up on . I think you could give me some much need coaching in a few areas . As for the "J" men , well I think you have the better deal as I think mine as taken off . Sorry to hear about Jason . Would like to come for a visit , or meet you somewhere , say Santa Fe , when time permits .
I do not . Last I spoke with Jeff , he was uncertain as to when or if we would be meeting . If and when we meet , I will let you know . Thanks
Please see the attached drafts .
I have searched the board and do not see any for that night . I will look again and let you know . Are you going tomorrow night ?
Please see the attached revised drafts . Please give me a call if you have any questions .
I have made the following changes: On page 1-2 under "Financial Information" ,  7th line beginning w/ "Customer" . Deleted "[or its Guarantor] J.M . does not have a guarantor . On the signature page for the Guaranty I changed "JM Huber" to "J.W . Huber" . In addition , in the "Appendix "1" I have deleted "EBITDA Coverage Ratio" this ratio does not apply here . And moved "Net Income" to its correct place in alpha order before "Net Worth" Please see the attached revised draft .
Please see the attached message from Gina Alston w/ eprime . Please make changes to draft . I need to see the final versionbefore you send it . Thanks
We do not have an agreement that covers both spot mont-to-month and long term . We have a separate spot agreement I can send for your review . Please let me have your thoughts . Regards ,
I will fill in information concerning the bank and phone numbers . However , with regards to your revisions , we do not agree to Arizona law . We will agree to New York or Texas , second , in Section 2.5 Enron North America Corp . is the Confirming Party . Please let me have your thoughts regarding these issues . Regards ,
What is the status w/ Tractebel ?
Thanks but I have appt . I think . can you do lunch today ?
Make reservation for me , i should be able to go .
Do you want me to send these to Joan Quick ?
I do not like Boury's how about he Mediterrian Place ?
I have prepared the following draft Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreements for your review as requested by Stacy Dickson . Please let me know if you have any questions .
will do
Just wanted to say , Hi ! !! ! Hope all is well with you .
FYI , I have had no response from Clinton on the Master Gas Agreement .
FYI To date , there has been no response regarding this agreement ?
Please see Master "Spot" Purchase/Sale Agreement for Entrada
Sorry to hear work is so demanding . Let me hear from you when time permits .
With regards to your phone message , please send me an e-mail with the changes you want . Thanks
Please see attached .
Per Stacy's instructions , the following agreements are to be used for this transaction .
See attached Scott's # 37711
please see attached re gisb .
Please see the attached Transaction Agreement and Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement . We are in receipt of signed faxes of the Transaction Agreement and Master Agreement however , we also need signed originals . To that end , "DRAFT" has been removed from the attached documents for execution . Please note , on the first page of the Master Agreement and Exhibit "C" the blank after "a" . Determine the state of incorporation for Huber , and file in the name of the state . Finally , print two of each document , have signed and send both to my attention . Please let me know if you have any questions .
THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
I will send you the info . After I prepare the confirms , I want you to take a look at them before they go . When is a good time for me to come down this afternoon ?
Due to computer troubles etc . I did not get the confirms or agreement out last night . I assure you it is going today via Fed Ex First Delivery . Is the previous address still the location you want these docs sent too ?
can you do dinner/or show Sunday afternoon ?
Would you have any free time if I came to New Mexico ? I know it is close to impossible to get a room during the balloon thing ?
Are you interested in doing dinner / or show Sunday afternnoon / evening ?
Sorry it took so long . Here is the draft of the Master Agreement .
What dates will you be there ? Where are you staying ?
Sorry for responding so late , as suggest before , Enron prefers to use different paper . We could put a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement in place and a GISB for short term .
Thanks for the info , what about green fees for Friday afternoon ?
I am a legal assistant for Jeff Hodge . At his suggestion , I am contacting you concerning the possibility of spending time with you or a trader in your area observing "the business" during bid week if possible , in order that I may gain experience and information concerning gas trading . A few hours in the morning or whenever is best for you . Thanks for your help !
Please see the attached memo regarding comments to issues concerning a Master Gas Agreement . We trust this will assist in understanding certain sections in the agreement . Please do not hesitate to contact me should you have any additional questions and or comments regarding this matter . Regards ,
Will do , and get back to you asap !
Here is the September Confirmation for MELP . I am faxing you a copy of the August deal .
Please see attached
Twice in one day ! I realize it is not Friday , but maybe this means I will not bother you any more this week . Tomorrow could you send me , or I will come after a copy of #96000733 Laclede Gas Master Agreement w/ ENA . Many Thanks !
Tracy , What is the status of the guarantee with this customer ? They are most anxious to sign . Please advise . Thanks !
I returned the ENA part for execution again as it was signed by the wrong vp on our side . I sent it Fed X and should receive it soon . I will of course send you a copy .
Please see attached as revised .
On the Events of Default for Seminole Brad has $0.5MM ? Is this 5million or what ? Please let me know . Thanks
Further to our conversation , please see the attached GISB drafts for Chandler and Boonville . Please note the Special Provisions on Appendix "1" . Regards ,
Hope you had a great weekend as well . So here we are back , but the good news is it is Tuesday already ! Please let me know anytime I can help .
HAVE A GOOD DAY ! !!!!! !
As an update , it is my understanding negotiations are still on going regarding Connective's Guaranty to Enron . Please let me know if my information is incorrect . If acceptable to you , I will proceed with the changes to the agreement as agreed and forward same to you for final review in anticipation of a draft of the guaranty . Best Regards ,
Thanks , today all is well .
Given your latest , I want to make sure I understant what you want from me . I am going to prepare a guaranty from Corp . to Engage US for $25m to that Yes ?
Please disregard my previous e-mail as I have a copy of Connectiv's Guaranty ! I will complete all changes and send same tomorrow . Best Regards ,
Today ? Where is this place ?
Please fax me a copy of Engage's current Guaranty w/ ENA . ( 713 ) 646-3490 Thanks ,
Does this mean we are gainfully employed ? More important , are you a single occupant or do you have to live with thousands ? How about those test scores ? Finally , the love life ? Take care ,
Please take a look at the credit sections before this goes , Conectiv is ready to sign . Shari said yesterday they have signed the guaranty ?
Bernadette , Given the amount of time that has expired sense we started working on this , I thought it would be a good idea for you to review the agreement again with regards to our agreed changes and respective guaranties . Please let me know if I failed to incorporate any revisions . I will forward originals for execution upon approval from your . Best Regards ,
FYI , Burlington is still on the trading floor for VP signature . I just called and should get same this PM .
T has called to say all issues with regards to guaranties have been resolved ? I left a message with Tracy re this matter . Can you please help ! Thanks
please change size to "M"
Sorry for the delay in responding . Regrettably , I have a legal conference that weekend and with dog logistics and all I cannot see how it would be easy to do . Also sounds like you will be busy and it being balloon festival it will be hard to get a room . Let me know when you have some free time otherwise . I can fly into Tulsa , or NM on other date . How is Jason's injury ?
Are you available this weekend for game , dinner , etc . I think Kurt was trying to pull everyone together for someting ?
As discussed , please see the attached GISB Special Provisions . Please give me a call with your questions and or comments . Regards
Please see attached ENA's GISB "Special Provisions" .
As discussed , see the attached Williams Master Agreement previously sent in March of 1999 . Please forward a worksheet Monday . Thanks
Regarding Willims , I left a phone message for Carol Milanowski with Williams regarding a Master Agreement and their objection to our GTC . I have and completed revisions as suggested by Russell Diamond to credit sections of the Williams' draft previously sent in March of 1999 .
Mr . Burrow w/ B&G has called regarding sales to ENA from his wells . I have provided him with a sample of our Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement . However he has indicated he would only be selling to us . Do you want me to proceed with this ? Please advise . Thanks ! 
FYI , I will be out of the office beginning at 12:00 for the rest of the day attending a seminar .
A new credit sheet / name/ number of contact w/ texican
Thanks ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
can you do lunch friday
I will discuss this with an attorney and get back to you soon . Sorry for the delay I was out of the office on business yesterday .
Still will go out via Fed X today .
FYI , I now have fully exeucted amendments to the Master w/ ENA / HPL .
I am so glad I made you laugh at lunch . I think the Sat . 10/6 would be best for me . But let me see how this weekend goes before I commit .
I am a member of First Presbyterian Lake Jackson , we have a web sight however I do not have it ,  the contact there is Pastor Allan Trafford . Also please include in your notices the First Baptist Church Lake Jackson , again I am sorry I do not have their web address or a contact .
I would like to take you to lunch for your birthday . I have plans tomorrow and today I will be eating at my desk , so let me know ?
Leandra , As previously discussed , attached is a red-line version of suggested changes from Tractebel and ENA . Please note ENA changes from the earlier draft are as follows: Section 4.2 Triggering Event . Increase defaults for both parties to Section 4.6 Collateral Requirement/ Termination Payment Threshold . Decrease in Tractebel's Threshold from $10,000,000 to $7,500,000 . "Material Adverse Change" . Change Tractebel S.A . "Minimum net worth ratio" to $3,375,000,000 USD from $150,000,000 Belgian Francs . Laura Kinner in your credit dept . is working with ENA's Russell Diamond concerning these changes to credit sections . Finally , although this draft has been reviewed by my attorney , there are a few sections as you will note we need to discuss further . Thank you for your assistance . Please let me have your thoughts regarding the draft . Wednesday is good for me . Are you going to the ENA party on Thursday ?
Has this agreement been executed ? If so , I need a copy of the original and one original should be sent to the file room . Thanks !
Please update me on the status of these agreements . Have they been executed ? If so , I need one original for the file room and a copy . Thanks !
I have an executed fax of the Transaction Agreement , and signed signature page and incomplete portions of the Master . Your choice .
Thanks , I will see you on Tuesday morning the 26th if agreeable with you .
Lori , Just checking if the status on the Master has changed ? Many thanks ! Regards ,
Lori , Just checking to see if the status had changed on the Master Agreement . Many thanks !
He spent the night with the vet , feeling better , and he does not have Parvo! ! Can go home today we think !
Although we are in possession of executed fax copies of the Master Agreement and Confirm , we need to replace these with originals without "draft" on the document . I can e-mail these documents to you or send directly to Huber . Please advise .
well yes
Yes , I talked to mom last night about the football game , Dallas is her team , and warned her we three would be coming .
FYI , I have been in touch with Carol in Williams' legal dept . regarding confirm and master issues . Have you received their objection to the confirm . If so , may I have a copy . Thanks
Carol , Please fax objections to the confirm to 713-646-2495 . Thanks ! Best regards ,
I will e-mail documents for execution along with list of minor changes . Please note , changes are only to form and grammar and therefore do not impact performance for either party .
Angela , As discussed , please see the attached comments draft . Thanks for your call , please let me have your thoughts regarding my comments . I look forward to working with you . Best regards ,
Angela , Further to our conversation please see the attached comments draft . I look forward to working with you . Best regards ,
Attached are the Transaction Agreement and Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for JM Huber . Revisions are as follows: No changes were made to the Transaction Agreement . However , on page two the sixth line in the section "Condition Precedent" please fill in the correct date and have Huber initial . Concerning the Master: Page1-3; Line 7 beginning with "Customer" [or its Guarantor] has been deleted . On the signature page "JW" has been changed to J.M . In Appendix 1: "EBITDA Coverage Ratio" has been deleted and "Net Income" has been moved and placed in alpha order . Finally , please fill in the name of the state in the blank on the first page in the first paragraph . For execution: print two of each document and have Huber sign and return same to my attention . I will forward a set of originals for their records upon final execution . Please give me a call if you have any questions .
We get to go home today!!!!!!!!!!! ! I have to think of a name ? Any suggestions ? 12:30 ok with you ? Where do you want to go ?
I will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on Tuesday . Many thanks !
I am going to leave at 3:00 . No I did not get any details other than worms . I hope the bill is not terrible .
If that is where you want to go , is ok with me .
I trust you received my fax re contract / confirm ?
I will be leaving the office at 3:00 today .
I sent a sample master on 9./20 no draft has been prepared to date .
That will be fine .
the agreement is done , i am working on the guarantee
Thanks for calling . As discussed , please see the attached letter . I look forward to working with you on this agreement . Best regards ,
I will be out of the office on Friday the 22nd .
Thank you again for all your help on Friday . However , I was never able to get all the way in . When do you have time to look at my computer ? I will be on the trading floor in the morning for several hours and I could drop it off then ? Please advise . Many thanks !
The purposed deal is for 10 years , trader is Mark Whitt in the Denver office . That is all I know for now .
I went to my church Sunday and was not feeling so good . Hope all is well with you . I am sure things are Great! ! We were talking Sat . night about getting together to do some planning . Are you still interested ? Who besides you and Marcie planned events ?
I can meet during the week anytime around 7:30 or 8:00 , otherwise it would need to be on the weekend .
Is good for me , I will be there around 7:30
What is the status of Hydrocarbon ? Do you still need a contract ?
I am checking on the status of a credit worksheet for this company .
Can we change to Thursday . Sorry I have plans ?
Dan has also ask me to check on the status of Niemberg ? We need pricing information if you want to proceed . Thanks ,
What do you know about this company ?
Thanks , I too received the e-mail . I am waiting on Russell to respond . I will let you know .
Thanks , my concern was whether or not he was a legitimate business . I get a lot of calls from various persons trying to get info .
Judy , As discussed , please see the attached GISB draft for your review . Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions or comments regarding this draft . Regards ,
Is it too late to RSVP ?
Further to our conversation , attached is ENA's sample master agreement for your consideration . Please note this is a SAMPLE agreement for negotiation purposes only , and is not the complete Enfolio Enron North America Corp . Master Agreement . Please do not hesitate to give me a call with any questions or comments . Regards ,
Thanks
Did you get the answers to your questions regarding Ormet ? Please let me know if I can help .
Sorry , I do not know Bob Williams . I do not think we are looking for help on our floor . How are things with you ?
I wish I could , I signed up for a lunch meeting on finance ( which I need ) also , my desk is loaded . Can we do lunch/ or shop Friday or next week ? How are you feeling ? Puppy is great , I am very lucky he is a great dog . An speaking of the 4h's , you know who called and is breaking ground on the house and barn !
Drafts were given to Dan Hyvl . I do not know to whom he sent them to .
Here is your October confirm .
This draft has not been sent due to pending guaranty issues . The attached has guaranties for The Coastal Corporation and Enron Corp . for 20mm / 30 mm (  per your change ) and are specific to this agreement . Dan has advised the guaranties are written for the agreement and we cannot change to include other Enron Companies . You will need to contact Enron Corp . for a guaranty to included other companies . Please let me know how you wish to proceed . Finally , the contact on your worksheet is Faye Carlin ( 713 ) 877-7133
Sally Manning 65 Boston Post Road West , Suite 300 Marlborough , MA 01752
Are you free for lunch ?
I remember what it was , have you heard the song "Who let the dogs out?"
I am not sure , the Bahia Boys or Bahama Boys ? 
Monday is good ! 
Are you negotiating this agreement with any at Chevron ?  Or can I proceed ?
do you still want to meet to discuss activities on sun after church ? if so , i will see you in SS .
It appears many , including the person I need to speak regarding this matter , have started the weekend early here . I will get back with you on Monday . Regards ,
In response to your memo , concerning Article 11 , I have increased El Paso's threshold to $10,000,000; Article 17.13 "further acts" and "deeds" means any further action that would need to be taken by either or both parties shall be done , i.e . new taxes or tariffs etc . This article gives assurances to both parties that each will honor the necessary changes as required in the course of normal business . In addition , I have changed the date to October 1 , 2000 . If this is satisfactory , I will send execution documents for signing . Please review the attached , and let me know . Best regards ,
Well once two max is enough . Did you have a great time ?
Dan believes we have a guaranty already in place with Florida Power and Light Company from last year ? Please check and advise . Thanks !
Have you heard anything from John Williams re this matter ? We have yet to receive from them a new exeuction of the transactions under the new agreement . I have tried to get in touch with them .
Did we decide to drop this guy ?
Thanks , what about Seminole Energy Services , LLC . These matters were sent to me by Brad before he departed .
Brad had requested I send a draft of a Master to Metro Media however , they are not responsive . Do we still want to pursue this ?
Leandra , I wanted to check on the status of your review of the draft . Regards ,
I am currently reviewing their agreement . I will let you know something this afternoon or early tomorrow .
What is your time frame for this matter ? I have looked over the agreement , and need to confer further w/ attorney . The legal dept . will be out of the office Thursday / Friday for our legal conference , so I could have something for you around Monday . Please let me know . Thanks !
We put a new GISB in place with Metro in July of this year . Brad did not provide a credit sheet . My contact is Scott Beswick 201-784-5349 .
Did we plan something for this weekend ? If so , when and where ?
Congratulations on the farm!!!! ! I will be in the Woodlands Thursday and part of Friday at a Legal Conference . I would invite you to golf , but I know you are way busy . Let me know if I can help with the move . HAVE A GOOD DAY ! !!!!! !
Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
I will be away from the office beginning at 10:30 today , and tomorrow attending a legal conference . Please leave messages w/ my assistant , I will check my phone .
I will be leaving at 4:00 pm today for a doctors appointment .
Thank you for the e-mail , I too will be out later this afternoon , but will review your agreement and forward comments . Likewise please see the attached draft of our GISB with Special Provisions . Best Regards ,
Please see the attached GISB . Our Special Provisions are on the last page . Please give me a call if I can be of further assistance .
Unfortunately I do , sorry , how about the rest of the week ? I am free any day .
Thursday is good !
richardsontrading.com ( if you e-mail these guys and tell them what you are looking for they will send pictures by e-mail) . Canyon Art Penfield Blue Eyed Bear Don Lucas Silver Sun Tanner Chaney Also , do a search in Gallup , NM under shops .
I have finished reviewing Wisconsin's agreement . and given a copy to Stacy Dickson for her input . I will get back with you as soon as she and I discuss same , hopefully tomorrow .
Please give me a call when time permits .
Did we receive a Consent to Assignment from Tennessee for the GISBs ? If so , would you fax me a copy @ 713-646-3490 . Thanks !
I have not received my postcard ? What are the plans for this weekend ? How is Bryan ?
Let me know if I can help . Also , you should know most of these dealers will negotiate on price .
These days are fine by me .
This must be the day , I am looking for a Consent to Assignment for Southern Company Energy Marketing . The consent is for a GISB dated 12/97 . Global number 96029029 . I did not see it in Live Link . Thanks for your help .
Thank you , right you do not have one as Southern did not sign or agree I have learned . I have their consent and will have them sign and return a copy for your records .
FYI , I have given the Transportation Agreement to Gerald Nemec ( 33512 ) for review and signature .
Can we do lunch tomorrow ? I am too busy to get away this afternoon .
Lunch tomorrow ?
I am much better since the weather has improved . I have been battling asthma . Hope we can lunch next week .
Is 12:30 ok ? We are going to Dourbis .
Wee , Wee indeed . Are you feeling better today ?
The attorney at Aquila is Dave Perez . I will be happy to negotiate a GISB with these guys , or if they want to speak to an attorney , Stacy Dickson ( 713- 853-5705 ) is available . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance .
Stacy , Currently I have pending on my desk a GISB from you however , ENA's special provisions are not included . Also , a draft of a Master agreement was sent to Markwest this summer . Can you give me an update on the status of the purposed draft ? With regards to the GISB , we can discuss ENA's special provisions at your convenience . Please let me have your thoughts . Best regards ,
Please see attached Lost Creek GISB draft .
Thanks!! !
Additional confirms going out today re Application deals .
Before a Master can be drafted , the credit dept . must issue a credit sheet . I will request credit sheet and prepare a draft , Tammi , Is the delivery term one year or less ? If not , please let me know the term . Thanks !
I have some questions regarding Jennifer's e-mail attached below . Is this interruptible ? Is this a CES contract ?
In addition to the new contract , I will need to re-confirm the deals from the RB Robertson agreement . Do you have that info ? Thanks !
I will not be going Friday . Is anyone going Sat . ? 
Which state is North Canton located in ?
Please disregard previous message re location of North Canton .
I have reviewed the special provisions for the GISB , we agree to your provisions however , I have a question with regards to no . 6 . The last sentence states , " . .each party agrees that either party may use these recordings in its business affairs as it deems appropriate." My concerns are founded in the use of "these recordings" . As the GISB does not have a provision for confidentiality we are concerned with the use of these recordings . Also , we want to be the confirming party . Best regards ,
Yes I am better thank your . How are you ? Yes the dogs were good . The dog tooth fairy made a visit to Geronimo last night as he has lost many teeth .
Thank you for your phone call . Regarding our Special Provisions , please see the attached .
RSVP for shower .
I am working to get execution documents to you today . However , I am unable to open previous e-mails sent by you . Please give me a call or fax me this info . My fax number is 713-646-3490 . Thanks ! Best regards ,
Thank you , I am in receipt of your fax . I have one question . Is El Paso Energy Corporation still your parent company ? I have them as the guarantor on the agreement . Please let me know if this info is incorrect . Many thanks ,
Cary , Thanks for your e-mail . Your suggestion to rephrase the second sentence of number 6 is acceptable with one change . Could we change "may be used" to "shall be used" in the sentence beginning with "Each" . Finally , my attorney insists Enron be the confirming party in Section 2.5 . Pending these changes , we are ready to finalize . Thanks !
Regarding Dick's Well Service , I need to know the term , delivery point , volume , etc . to re-confirm . Thanks !
This is the current version without redline .
I am using the following database , of which I am the owner . Master Gas Agreements ( Lotus Notes )
Thanks! !
Here it is . Please let me know if you need anything else !
I would like to take the following vacation days .
What is the volume price ?
Do you have an address and contact for CE Richner ?
Please let me know if I can help .
Thanks , I will give them a call .
Please remove my name from your distribution list . Thanks !
I forgot I have a shower for my attorney on Friday . Are you lunchable tomorrow ?
Please take a look at this .
Further to our conversation , please see the attached sample Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement and GISB draft . Please do not hesitate to contact me with your questions and or comments regarding the attached . We look forward to working with you on these agreements . Best regards ,
How is the transfer of these assets taking place ? Is the father deceased ? If you know , please advise , as we need to do some paper work if there is a true transfer of ownership . Thanks !
I am unable to find in our records an agreement in the name of "WG Shaner" or "Shaner" could it be in another name ? Was this a CES agreement ?
Thanks !
are you going tonight ? if so , what time does this begin . also , how about tomorrow ? where is this place ?
Thanks , hope to see you tonight .
Kaplan is going out today .
I do not find any agreements for this name . An agreement was sent for execution in September of this year , but to date has not returned .
I like this ! Looks Good ! See you later .
On last question , what are the volumes ?
One last question , what are the volumes ?
Send me your changes .
Please see the following confirms and agreements for app trades . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Please see the attached comments .
As discussed , please see the attached GISB draft for discussion purposes .
Looks good , please remove "Draft" from the first page prior to execution . Thanks !
I am in receipt of your fax . Please print two docs for execution , sign and forward both to my attention as addressed below . I will return an original for your records . Best regards ,
Jeff , Veronica Espinoza in our credit dept . has advised the GISB be cosigned by Aquila . Please contact Veronica or I on Monday re this agreement .
Please see the attached and let me have your thoughts . I will add language that states this is amending the previous confirm . Thanks !
Please send me a credit worksheet for Wisconsin Public Service Corporation as soon as possible . Thanks
Thanks will do .
I wish I had a place for some of this stuff !
Jan , I have deleted this reference . However , please review revisions . FYI , the new agreement was sent via messenger today for arrival by 5:00 pm . Please let me know if you have not received same . Thanks !
Is anyone working on this ?
Please fax me copies of the Gty's . ( 713-646-3490 ) Also , I need an address for Select .
May I attach the revised sp's to GISBs today ?
I am trying to get in touch w/ J williams re the confirms . Do you have a current phone number ?
I await a credit sheet from the credit dept to put a draft together . I spoke to them today re this issue . What is the term for the transaction or transactions w/ this customer ?
I left a message . He is out of the office until tomorrow . Will keep you apprised .
As discussed , please see attached .
This sounds like it is a swap transaction . If so , please contact Susan Bailey / or Stephanie Panus . Thanks !
please see attached / advise
sounds good
Mr . Shaner , In order that I may prepare the Purchase Agreement with the correct names , at your earliest convenience , please fax a copy of the Power of Attorney to my Regards ,
are we still on for lunch @ 12:15 ?
I will ! See you SAT .
You will me missed ! Good luck in your new position .
Is there a deal number ?
I thought the goup had plans SAT ?
Please add my vacation days to Barbara/Jeff's calander for November . Thanks !
Yours ! Are you lunchable tomorrow ?
He did !
some place i can have the "Genia Salad" . Backstreet or ? 
Please remove my name from you distribution .
Kathleen , Further to our conversation , attached are drafts for Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreements for HPL and ENA . As previously noted , our credit department has been in discussions with Jennifer West and Aquila's credit department regarding these agreements . It is my understanding Aquila requested the attached drafts . Having said that , I will review your responses to my comments for the HPL agreement . I have suggested we amend the current Master Agreement ( 1993 ) between ENA and Aquila . Finally , while there are existing guaranties currently in place between Enron and Aquila , they are only referenced in the attached and not included . I look forward to working with you in finalizing these agreements . Please let me have your thoughts regarding these issues . Best regards ,
Anita , As previously discussed , please see the attached draft of a GISB . Please let me know if you have any questions . Regards ,
I spoke w/ Williams yesterday , he is sending the signed confirms back today .
Mr . Forrest has requested we changed the MMbtu's from 700 to 800 ? Is this OK ? Please advise .
as a reminder I need a credit worksheet for this customer asap thanks
Here is Lost Creek w/ revisions .
Is the Election Pty still on ?
Hi Sylvia , Re the GISB for Wisconsin , no we would not agree to the terms of their GISB on the front page or their special provisions . Are you aware we currently have a GISB in place with Wisconsin Public Service Company and ENA as well as with Wisconsin Gas Company????? ? Re Master Status: I have devoted my afternoon to this contract in order to complete the redline . Will keep you apprised . Do you still want a copy of our GISB . If so , I will send you a draft however , I need to fill in the name of the counterparty etc . before it goes out .
Please see attached confirm for CE Richner .
Where are you going to be for Thanksgiving ? I will be in Ark the entire week , would like to see you ?
FYI , I am discussing contract issues w/ these guys . Can you e-mail me the confirm on this deal ? Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
when time permits , please give me a call re city of cartersville thanks
to confirm , yes we are doing in excess of 100MM in trade w/ these guys on and off line .
Do you have transaction numbers for the most recent December/January deals ?
I also need the delivery points for these deals . Thanks !
Dear Priscilla , Attached is Enron North America's GISB with special provisions . Please give me a call at your convenience , to discuss this agreement . Best regards ,
Here is the redline of changes to the Enfolio made in August , 1999 . Regards ,
Are you still going tonight ? 
will we see you tonight ?
To update you , I am reading over the redline version of their agreement today , and will give same to Dan Hyvl for review in order that we may present it to the customer Monday .
I have your fax . Attached is the redline version again . If this does not print let me know and I will fax you the applicable pages .
Please send a credit worksheet for this company . This is an Appalachian producer , we buy from at fixed prices . They will never be purchasing from us . John Singer in the Dublin , Ohio office is the trader . Thanks
I will do so . I have requested a credit worksheet from credit to prepare the draft .
thanks , however i need to know which month the numbers in your list are attached to .
I finished my revisions to the redline and is currently being reviewed by the attorney . Pending his changes it should be ready by tomorrow afternoon . Regards ,
We would love to come , pending weather problems . As dad is not generally fit for travel it will be just mom /and I . I will need directions etc .
Reminder for lunch tomorrow . Please join me at the security desk in the lobby no later than 12:15 pm .
About tomorrow , as my friend please , please , do not let me eat like a pig!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Wouldn't be nice to go !
My mistake , you are correct , however , I would like to meet at 11:00 if possible . Here is the schedule: 11:15 Reception 11:45 Style Show 12:15 Lunch
Do you have a transaction no . for the november -october deal ? Also , is this 100% of production ?
I will be out of the office tomorrow to attend the WEN lunch / meeting from But yours doesn't show , and you have it removed!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Ellen attached are confirmations and agreement for Geronimo . Please let me know if you have any questions . I am sending these to the customer today .
I assume so . They were given to me by Stacy before she left .
please give me a call re this cp
Concerning ProLiance , we have tried in the recent past to negotiate with much difficulty a Master Gas Purchase Sale Agreement with this customer . There are significant credit and legal issues surrounding ProLiance . Enron Credit has refused to grant a line of credit as a result of these issues and will not ok a GISB . In addition , ProLiance has proven to be most unreasonable with regards to terms in the Master . Please give Russell Diamond or I a call if you have any questions and or comments about ProLiance .
As requested , please see the attached GISB draft for your review .
Further to our conversation here is the GISB draft for your review . Regards ,
please give me a call when time permits
Thanks for your good help.!!! !
Thanks for the directions . If for some reason plans change give me a call at moms . Looking forward to seeing everyone . Will Jason/ Dustin be there ? what time ?
Concerning Proliance , have discussed Proliance's purposed language which would give them the right to terminate the contract upon ENA's single failure to schedule . Dan Hyvl , will not agree to this verbiage . Please give him a call if you wish to discuss this further .
FYI , to date , I have left several phone messages and e-mails to no avail to try to discuss a contract with the folks . I will keep trying and keep you informed .
Do you want me to bring anything ?
As discussed , please see the attached Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement draft for your review .
Please see the attached corporate info for Wild Goose Storage . They would like to put a Master in place .
Nancy , Thanks for your e-mail . Regarding Section 1.2 , ENA perfers the "Oral Procedure" which as noted in Section 1.2 on page two is considered a "writing" and to have been "signed" . For all transactions under the GISB , a written confirmation will be sent by ENA notwithstanding the choice "Oral" on the first page . I am checking on the status of the term deal . Regards ,
Carl , Thank you for your e-mail . Concerning Section 13.5 , we will agree to New York on choice of law . For Section 2.5 , ENA as confirming party . Finally , Section 3.2 we prefer Spot Price as this is a short term deal . Please let me have your thoughts regarding these issues . Best regards ,
The only paper we have with Superior Water is a Master Sale Spot contract . I can negotiate a GISB if you want . What kind of deal are you doing as far as term ?
We can bring a cake or some patato thing ? Let me know here before 5:00 , or call mom's see you THURSDAY ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
We can bring a pie as well , you have plenty else to do . OK !
Please feel free to contact Dan Hyvl at 713-853-6895 . I do not anticipate getting the redline doc to you today .
While I am out , a list of files I am currently working on and status can be found in my directory in "2000 status" . Also files are on my desk in alpha order for GISBs , Master Agreements and others .
I have been in touch with Mr . Woodford today . This is my first day back from Turkey Day vacation . The dogs are good . I packed them up and drove 9 hours to Ark to visit the folks . Geronimo was very good . I was surprised , although he was a little much for my Dad . How is the baby ? Have you adjusted ? Have the dogs adjusted ? The luncheon was just OK . I thought last year was better with regards to food and clothes . River Oaks CC did not live up to the Junior League in my opinion .
Jeff Hodge requested that I forward the following collateral language for your review . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance . [4.6.] Collateral Requirement/Termination Payment Threshold . If at any time and from time to time during the term of this Agreement ( and notwithstanding whether a Triggering Event has occurred ) the Termination Payment that would be owed to a Party in respect of all Transactions then outstanding should exceed $______ , such Party as the Beneficiary Party may request the other Party to establish a Letter of Credit as the Account Party in an amount equal to the Termination Payment in excess of $______ ( rounding upwards for any fractional amount to the next $______) , or such other collateral as may be reasonably acceptable to the Beneficiary Party . The Letter of Credit or other collateral shall be delivered within two Business Days of the date of such notice . On a Monthly basis , such Letter of Credit may be increased or reduced correspondingly to the amount of such excess Termination Payment ( rounding upwards for any fractional amount to the next $______) . For purposes of this Section [4.6] , the calculation of "Termination Payment" shall include all amounts owed but not yet paid by one Party to the other Party whether or not such amounts are then due , for performance already provided pursuant to any and all Transactions .
Yes , the agreement was sent October 18th to the following: Tony Kovacevich , President Gatherco , Inc . 6273 Frank Ave . NW North Canton , Ohio 44720
Can do , however , I need to discuss the agreement with credit ( Russell Diamond )
Please advise as soon as possible tomorrow the status of a credit sheet for DTE Energy . As previously discussed , this customer has agreed to our Master and is ready to sign pending credit terms . Thanks !
I have yet to see the signed confirms for this deal . Docs sent again to the new address . Help!! !
I am finalizing the GISB with Superior , expect to sign today . Re Proliance , I have sent all comments to them for review .
do you have any problems w/ these guys ? we have a deal pending their signature on a gisb for gas to flow tomorrow to 2/28 . please let me know asap thanks
Ellen , attached is the GISB previously discussed which needs a confirm . I will e-mail the attached to the customer today . Can you likewise send the confirm ? Cyndie , as discussed please place this in the system in order that Ellen may prepare a confirm to Superior . Thanks for the help guys !
Please see the attached revised GISB for your review and execution . If in agreement , please print out two originals , have both signed and send same to my attention for final signature . Finally , we are sending you a confirm today as well . Please let me know if you have any questions . Regards ,
Please give me a call when you have time re Wisconsin PS . are you lunchable ?
Kim , Dan and I have discussed your latest e-mail of November 28th , regarding revisions to our redline . We cannot accept your modifications and suggest the contract be generated as requested or suggest another way to document this deal . Should you have any questions , please feel free to give me a call . Regards ,
Sandy , Attached is a draft of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for your review . Please note the exhibits re guaranties are not attached as they are still being finalized . Regards ,
Sandy , As discussed , please see the attached draft of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement . Regards ,
Sandy , As discussed , please see the attached draft of the Master Agreement .
As discussed , please see the attached sample Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for your review . Please do not hesitate to give me a call should you have any questions . Regards ,
Veronica , Priscilla with Orion Power has requested we provide them with a Master Agreement for their consideration . She stated on the phone today , that we have a CA agreement in place and she is preparing credit info for you . Please see below phone number etc for Priscilla . thanks! !
Carl , Upon approval of my attorney , which I anticipate Monday , I will forward exeuction docs to your attention . Regards ,
I got it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
is there any reason why i should not proceed with a WMBE for these guys ?
THanks !
I am preparing a re-draft of a previous agreement for this Canadian company . Credit terms default for Duke Guarantor is 25M/ 50M for Enron . Triggering event for both parties is 10M w/ 250 multiples . Do you want to change these ? It is my understanding we have guaranties in place . Please advise asap . Thanks !
Kathy , I have prepared the Canadian draft for your review . I hope to send same to you today , I am waiting on my credit department re credit terms . Regards ,
Kathy , I have completed the draft of the Canadain agreement for your review . I am waiting on my credit dept . re credit terms . I hope to send the draft today . Regards ,
As previously discussed , please see the attached GISB draft . Please do not hesitate to give me a call with your questions and or comments . Regards ,
the gty should be amended to state that it also covers ena gas .
i need to go befroe 12:30 , i have a meeting at 1:30
James , Further to our conversation , please see the attached GISB draft for your review . I understand this will be for short term deals ( 30 days or less ) and delivery in the United States . Regards ,
Glad to hear the dogs are ok . But I knew they would be , its you that has to make the real adjustment . I took Ellen Wallumrod , ( she is new on the confirm desk) , Allison McHenry / Marianne Castano ( from EES I gave my invitation to them ) and Genia . I had trouble trying to find someone who wanted to go . Take care , enjoy being away .
Please see below info for a master with this company . Please send a credit sheet if ok . Also , I need a credit sheet for Superior Water,Light , and Power . Thanks !
Daniela , Further to our conversation , please see the attached draft of a GISB and sample master agreement for your review . Please note these documents are for points of delivery in the United States only . Regards ,
Robin , Thanks for the e-mail . Attached is a draft of our Canadain agreement for your review . You should know there could be changes to the amounts in the "Triggering Events" as these numbers are old . I await numbers for my credit dept .
Thank you for your e-mail however , the file did not attach . Please send same to me again . Regards ,
To update you on BC Gas Utility , they have reviewed our GISB and we have made a first pass to discuss special provisions . I will keep you apprised of events .
Do you have deal #'s for any of the following ? Blauser Well Services Cedar Resources These are all App . producer transactions . Thanks
Jennifer , Please see the attached Master Firm Purchase/Sale draft for J.D . Irving , Limited . Should you have any questions , please give me a call .
The only paper I find for JB is a GTC dated 4/1/00 . Could it be under a different name ? Please advise . Thanks
Thanks for your e-mail regarding a master with Reliant Energy Services Canada , Ltd . ENA has a Canadian form of contract we could work with which will have most of your changes already contained . If we use the U.S . master there are problems with provisions regarding taxes , arbitration etc . so I would like to suggest we use the Canadian form with your changes as needed . Please let me have your thoughts . Regards ,
Attached is Jim's e-mail regarding Cedar Resources deals . We have a disparity . I will confirm as below unless I hear from you as different . Thanks
Thanks , we have it wrong in the system .
Thank you , the agreement is here as "Jaybee" .
Most welcome , any time! !
Northern States Power Company-Wisconsin 1999 GISB currently in place . These are the only active agreements at this time .
Sorry for the confusion , I only received Enron's Gty . to DTE , I need a copy of the new gty from DTE to ENA . Many thanks ,
Thanks for your help Veronica , Leslie does not have the new version . Can we call these guys and get a fax copy ? With regards to our gty , I have prepared the amended version and it is on its way to Corp . for execution .
Julie , Further to our conversation , please see the attached GISB draft for your review . Regards ,
The file did not attach . Please fax me your remarks to the number below . Thanks
Sandy , Attached is the Master Agreement for exeuction . Please complete the"Invoice/Payment" info on Exhibit "A" for DTE . I will fax Enron's Gty as soon as it is signed . Regards ,
I found our contracts! ! Of course , they were on the attorney's desk . I will have them signed tomorrow and delivered via messenger . Thanks for calling , sorry for the delay . Regards ,
As an update , the contract in question has is on the attorney's desk , I will push to have same signed tomorrow and deliver to you .
Ellen , Attached are the many confirms I have completed and sending out to the customer today .
I cannot find an agreement between ENA and AK in our system . If AK belives it has a contract with ENA please forward a copy to me . Could it be in another name ? Please advise . Thanks
FYI , I have completed a deal for a new GISB with Superior . I understand they several deals outstanding .
Well I guess that makes me a double goober ! I just want to make sure a confirm was sent to Superior . I will generate another GISB for execution . The confirm / or a copy of same should be directed to Bill Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Please send an e-mail to all in Barbara's group: Please note all documents regarding gas contracts , including new agreements should be sent to Cyndie Balfour-Flanagan in Contract Administration @ EB
Here it is , let me know if this doesn't work . Regards ,
I have an executed original of the amendment to the DTE gty . Do you want me to send it to you ?
I need to know what to do with the other original ? Do you not keep these in your dept. ?
I have a long term deal w/JER that needs to be on a master , please send me a credit sheet . I will fax you the info . Also , I need a credit sheet for Superior Water Light & Power Company . Thanks !
thanks
ARE YOU BUSY SUN ?
Please send the contracts to my attention at the address below . Regards ,
I would like to use the Lexis . com services . I have an ID number but no password , can you help me . Many thanks ,
Yes , as long as they are with ENA .
Re TC , Cyndie will place info for this customer in the system on Monday . Thanks for the help !
There are no gas agreements currently in place for Atlanta .
Sorry for the delay , the file room is currently searching for this contract .
Here is your contract . If Oregon is ready to sign , please print out two originals , have them sign and forward both originals to me for Enron exeuction . I will return an original for Oregon . Please let me know if you have any questions .
I am sending a messenger with the contract for your review .
Union has a Master Sale Firm in place for trading .
Do I not also need to a confirm for Merit ?
Please RSVP for me .
Many thanks!!!!!!!!!!!! !
What is the starting date for delivery ?
Please see agreement below .
Please see attached GISB form .
I will proceed with a draft for NDR's review . Please advise when we have a Certificate of Status for this entity .
Please see the attached confirm/agreement I am sending to the customer today .
I have not been able to find a Contract for Commonwealth , Inc . Is it under a different name ? Due to the term the term of the transactions these should to be confirmed under a Master Sale Agreement .
Due to a dentist appointment tomorrow , I will be in the office around 10:00 .
It is okay to put Superior on your list . However , I do not know the status of SG Interests I , Ltd .
Theresa , As discussed , please see attached . There are no other changes with respect to the other sections . Regards ,
At you convenience , please give me a call re Virginia Power .
Here is the GISB draft .
FYI , the following contracts are pending our signature on my desk: ULTRA Resources GISB Superior Water Light GISB T.C . Enterprises Gas Purchase Agreement Reliant Energy Services , Inc . MFPS
Have a Very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
ok unless something comes up
I have sent a Gas Purchase Agreement as requested to Jim Shanner for signature . Are there any transactions which need to be confirmed under the new agreement? ? Mr . Shanner is curious as to price etc . Could you contact him regarding this issue and let me know . Thanks !
Please see attached draft of Master Agreement
Revised draft . Changes to matrix Section 4.5 . Rating "BBB" deleted .
As discussed , please see attached revised special provisions . Regards ,
Thanks , I will look over their remarks and get back with you .
The following Master Gas Agreements are pending ENA signature: DTE Energy Conectiv Energy Supply Inc .
Is this a Delaware Chapter 3 Limited Partnership ? Do you know who the General Partner is . The GP will need to sign ?
As discussed , please see attached GISB
Are you / yours interested in dinner tomorrow night ? I have talked to others that will be here ?
Thanks , there are no other changes to the credit terms ? The threshold remains as is? ?
Please see below .
James , Section 13.5 With regards to choice of law , this is a Texas contract . We will agree to New York or Texas law . The gas is to be delivered in the United States ? Before we go further , let us resolve this point then proceed .
As discussed , please see the attached GISB draft . Regards ,
As previously discussed , please see attached GISB draft . Regards ,
Attached is a sample Master Firm Purchase Sale Agreement for your customer . You will need to contact one of the following for a SWAP agreement as I do not have these: Stephanie Panus , Susan Bailey , Samantha Boyd , Please let me know if you need further assistance .
Good news , they had power at 9:00 last night however , mom said fire was droping from the pole and she was afraid it would not last . They have made it ok so far . Are we not lucky to be out of that mess!! !
What is the status of Agave Energy Company w/ ENA credit wise ? We may want to put a new Master Agreement in place w/ this cp .
Are you going tonight ?
I did not receive a receipt for December . Please forward same . Thanks !
I will send out today two original GISBs for execution . Please let me know if you have any questions . Regards ,
Please see the attached confirms going out today .
Send it to my attention . On another issue , please give me a call ASAP re WG Shaner .
Sounds good !
Robin , Thanks for your call this morining . As stated , I am unaware of any changes in our agreements or terms with regards to Canadian companies or transactions . If "Caraway" is the correct spelling , I find no person by that name in our credit departments . Do you have a phone number for this Regards ,
Please see the attached draft of the Canadian Master Agreement between ENA and Reliant Energy . I have incorporated your changes to the previous version as indicated . Regards ,
Can you give me the name of the lady who spoke at a summer meeting from the University of Houston also the author of THE COLOR OF MONEY ? Many thanks !
Due to a doctors appointment Monday morning I will arrive late .
Further to our conversation , please see the attached revised signature page to the Gas Agreement . We trust this meets your requirements . Please let me know if you have any additional questions . Regards ,
I do not find any agreements or transactions under either C &G Retail or Dominium ? Please let me know if I can be of further assistance .
SECTION 4.5 HAS RESALE INFO
please note 2 hours as sick time for me today . thanks !
Carl , Thank you for your e-mail yesterday re the GISB agreement . To finalize this agreement we would include the following in our Special Provisions: GPU Service , Inc . is authorized agent acting for and on behalf of Jersey Central Power & Light Company , dba GPU Energy ( the "Operating Utility" ) pursuant to the Agency Agreement , dated________ , by and between GPU Service , Inc . and Jersey Central Power & Light Company . Buyer shall pay Seller the Contract Price regardless of whether the applicable state public utility commission[s] allow for the amounts paid by the Operating Utilities to the Service Company pursuant to the Agency Agreement to be recovered in customer rates . Furthermore , GPU Service , Inc . represents and warrants that: ( a ) the Operating Utility is duly organized , validly existing , and in good standing under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its formation; ( b ) the execution , delivery , and performance of this Agreement are within the scope of its agency for the Operating Utility pursuant to the Agency Agreement; ( c ) the Agency Agreement is in full force and effect and represents a valid and binding obligation of the Operating Utility to accept and pay for the goods and services being obtained by the Service Company under the Agency Agreement; ( d ) the Operating Utility has all regulatory authorizations necessary for the Operating Utility to legally perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Agency Agreement; ( e ) the Operating Utility will be responsible for the obligations incurred under this Agreement on the Operating Utilities behalf by the Service Company as its authorized agent . GPU Service , Inc . as agent for Jersey Central Power & Light Company has obtained all necessary or appropriate consents , commitments , and undertakings from the Operating Utility to assure the foregoing representations and warranties . Finally , did I provide you with our Special Provisions ? If not , please let me know . Upon your review of the above , please give me a call to discuss . Regards ,
Also , is the trader Paul Lucci ? Please give me the name of a contact w/ phone number as well as complete address for Cenex . Thanks !
Suggest Group Goals for 2001 To improve lines of communication and response time to our clients , monthly meetings with members of the credit group , traders , confirm and contract administration . Cross-training between members of the group . Occasional speakers at meetings from academia and industry . Suggested speaker: Dr . Michael Economides from the University of Houston , Energy and Engineering Department . Author of The Color of Oil .
Please give me a call re Oneok . Thanks !
Please forward any documents / info regarding current issues with Oneok to my attention and copy Russell Diamond . Thanks ,
Please see the attached Master Firm Purchase Sale Draft for Clark County .
do we have a gty in place for 30M ?  if so , please send me a copy . thanks !
FYI , I will be leaving at 3:45 tomorrow for a doctors appointment .
I am waiting on her return call .
Dave , Here it is the revised Master for Clark . Let me know if you have any questions . FYI , revisions were made to Sections 4.2 / Material Adverse Change in the Appendix .
Dave , Please disregard the previous version sent earlier for CC . I have made a few changes . This version is good to go . Thanks !
Sylvia ,  Proliance has notified me today they have executed our Master . In addition they are requesting a GISB for short trades .
Tracy , Enron North America Corp . does not cover trades with Enron Canada . For gas delivery in Canada , you should consider an agreement with Enron Canada . Also , for long term firm transactions with ENA , you should have a Master Agreement . I hope this clears up any confusion . If not , please give me a call . Regards ,
Wanda , I will prepare a GISB draft and send your way next week . With regards to a Master with HPL , a draft was sent for HPL in October of 19 of which I am sending for your review . Online trades at this time are for firm transactions only . Regards ,
These guys would like to do a Master Agreement acting as agent for Indiana Gas ? Also , what is the status of JER/BRE Austin Tech ?
Ken , I enjoyed visiting with you last night re MD Anderson children's project . Please put my name on the distribution list of activities , and or contact me by phone as listed below . Thanks !
Next week is good for me . I would like to look to the end of the week Thursday or later . Please give me a call next week my direct line is listed below . Have a great weekend !
I will arrive late Tuesday due to early morning tests in Med Center . I expect to be here by 9:30 .
Yes !  I have a signed agreement .
Ken , sorry I was unable to attend the fishing tournament , but I have been out with the flu . I look forward to the next event . Your attachment for the list of events did not come with the e-mail . Please send again . Thanks !
So is this all you have to do ? What's going on with work and the bar ? And how about that love life ? Miss you here . We need a good law clerk . Want to come back ? Have you been in the dark ?
24 Circle Way 979-292-0060
Wanda , In response to your fax of 1/12 , a draft of a Master between HPL and Admas was previously sent in 1999 . I have attached this same draft for your review . Please give me a call after you have had an opportunity to reivew this draft . No additional agreements are necessary for online trades .
A Master Agreement for execution has been sent to Ennovate . Dan Hyvl is working with the Chicago office in this matter . I understand Reliant desires to change some of the terms of the deal and we are waiting to proceed pending those changes .
This is fine , no reservations necessary .
Please let me know how Gail is ?
Please see below re trades with Proliance .
Steve , The necessary information for ENA has been placed in the attached draft as well as a few modifications to the front page . In addition , I have included at the end of the GISB a list of Special Provisions for your review . Finally , with regards to "agent" , would you fax me a copy of the Agency Agreement , or is it possible for the agreement to be in the name of Murphy Exploration & Production Company . Regards ,
Yes !
No , we do not have a parental gty . however , they have posted a letter of credit . Credit has given their OK to trade .
Susan , Please send me a list of deals you wish to move . I need the deal #'s , dates of transactions , beginning to end , and volumes . Thanks
Yes , please give me a space in the Met garage .
Please sign me up for a space in the met garage .
Please place me on the list for space in the met .
Please give me a space in the met garage .
Please give me a space in the met garage . Thanks
FYI , I have fully executed agreements on my desk for the following: Energy Development Corporation Willow Bend Operating Company . Ellen I am sending you confirms for these customers .
How is Gail ?
Sorry to hear there is no improvement . Please let me know if there is anything I can do .
Paul , A fully executed agreement will be placed in the mail today for your records . However , Enron Corp.'s guaranty has not been included as I await signature from the corporate office . Upon receipt of same , I will send an original for your records . Please do not hesitate to give me a call if you have any questions or I can be of further assistance . Regards ,
I will prepare the draft as soon as I receive the worksheet .
At Shari Stacks request , I am sending you sample contracts of ENA's GISB and Master Agreement . Please feel free to give me a call with any questions . Also , I will be the person who negotiates and drafts both agreements should you decide to go forward . Regards ,
Here is the TransAlta draft .
Engage Energy Canada , LP and Engage Energy America LLC have requested master agreements with ENA . I believe gty's are in already in place . Please send me a worksheet for these to entities . Thanks !
Regarding BC Utility , I have discussed a GISB with Mr . Wong and we have been unable to come to agreement due to their choice of law restriction . Because they are a utility they are by statute required to bind agreements subject to British Columbia . Conversely as this would be an agreement subject to state laws of Texas as well as the United States , it will not work to agree to British Columbia as jurisdiction for this contract . Please let me know if you have any questions , or I can be of further assistance .
With regards to our discussion on priority of contracts for 30 day firm transactions . The system gives priority to Master Agreements over GISBs . All things equal , a 30 day firm transaction will attach to the master before the GISB . Hope this helps .
Marcia , Thank you for your e-mail regarding SP's to the purposed GISB . My responses are as follows: Section 1 . We will agree to your suggest language . Netting: We suggest the following: In the event that Buyer and Seller are each required to pay an amount in the same Month hereunder , then such amounts with respect to each Party may be aggregated and the Parties may discharge their obligations to pay through netting , in which case the party , if any , owing the greater aggregate amount shall pay to the other party the difference between the amounts owed . Adequate Assurance: We will agree to 5 business days . Term: For firm delivery limit the use of the GISB to 30 days . For interruptible delivery there is no limit . We will agree to the above along with our other SP's as written . Thanks for your attention to the foregoing . Please let me have your thoughts . Regards ,
Good to hear Gail is better ! Look at these @ Enron . com 0000107386 , 0000107600 , 0000106109 . I will inquire further .
Good to hear Gail is better ! Look at these @ Enron.com 00001070386 , 0000107600 , 0000106109 . I will keep searching . Let me know what you are interested in ?
Working on it ! 
Is there a PLEASE and Thank YOU ?
Are you looking to move ?
Do you have any openings in your area ? I have a friend with good financial / tax background . Thanks !
Yes , there are openings on our floor . Send your resume by e-mail to
You need to respond quickly ! and e-mail a resume as well .
Thanks we are working on it .
Marcia , If convenient , please prepare the GISB as agreed and e-mail final for execution . Thanks for your help ! Regards ,
Rest assured I am working on things for your here . How are you ? How is Gail ?
Carl , As an update , I have prepared final draft of the GISB and pending my attorney's review . I will contact you later this week . Regards ,
John , The only remaining points at issue concerning the GISB are as follows: Section 1.2 change to "Oral" . As you may recall in our previous discussion , Enron will always send a written confirm . Section 10.1 supplement: Agree to purposed language save "two day" , please revise to "5 business days" . If in agreement with changes above , please prepare final document and send for our execution . Thank you for your assistance in this matter . Regards ,
Great !
Good luck !
Rafael , I am forwarding the attached resume for a friend for the following job# 0000107570; Director Business Development; EES Fast Track Initiative Wholesale , Retail & COMM . Thank you for your consideration .
How are you an baby doing ? I would like to see Ms . M . We miss you here look forward to your return . I am in need of dog advice!!!!! !
Tammi DePaolis has requested a Master agreement for Carolina Power & Light Co . for a 7 month firm deal for summer . Currently , we have only a GISB in place with CPL . Please forward a credit worksheet . Many thanks !
Forwarding the attached resume for consideration for the following positions: ENA Strategic Information Wholesale , REtail & COMM Corp Analysis and Repporting Corporate Staff Human Resources & CoMM REL Thank you for your consideration .
I just assumed you forgot me on the phone , that's ok . What are you doing tonight ?
I cannot get Geronimo to be still when I try to put the lead on . He is just so happy and active he cannot be still! !
Good Morning , yes , they should all drink when they preach .
I have a few questions re PSNC . Are you comfortable w/ Scana as guarantor ? Which agreement do they want this to cover ? I see they currently have GISB and a Master Purchase Sale Spot . Finally , if you want to use this form , I want to included additional language to strengthen our position . As is this is very weak and loose . Please advise ,
I left a phone message w/ Western they have not responded .
No plans , call you later .
Yes , I have a few words of advice--later .
So sorry ,  I have plans , next week ?
I have a doc appt thursday , another day ?
Payment Guaranty Agreement for PSNC
I have revised their gty a little . Upon attorney approval I will shortly e-mail you same .
Sherri , Attached is a revised version of the Payment Guaranty between Enron North America Corp . and SCANA to cover gas purchase transactions . Please give me a call with your questions and or comments regarding the enclosed . Regards ,
Please let me know if "E" calls so I can enlighten you on the possibilities . Have a Good weekend ! !!! !
Claire , In response to my phone message of 1 February , 2001 , attached are two agreements for your review . First is a GISB revised in acceptable form to ENA . I have incorporated UGI's Special Revisions into ENA's save number ( 3) . Also , with regards to number ( 2) , "three business days" has been changed to "five" and revisions to the last two sentences . Finally , also attached is a draft of ENA's Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss the attached . Regards ,
Give me a call .
wouldn't it be nice to go
Please give me a call to discuss Southwest . Thanks
Pat , Patti Dathe of your company has requested we enter into a GISB with Atmos Energy Corporation for a gas purchased this month . Please see the attached draft of ENA's GISB . Upon your review please give me a call to discuss same . Regards ,
Angela , I am sorry for the delay in my response however , I have been out ill . Please see the attached GISB sample for your review . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss the attached . Regards ,
Regretably I have not , if convenient would you send these agian . Many thanks ,
Would you fax me a copy of the resolution . Regards ,
No , I will call them again .
Your resume is with several persons in different areas of E . Should you receive a call let me know , so I can tell you more about these positions . I am trying to find a close match for your skills .
With my age an maturity or his ? And what age is that ?
1 . I am going to the Gadgets , Gizmos , thing on Wed . can you join me ? 2 . Are you interested in the Classical Encounters for Singles Sat.?(see Enron in Action )
Would you fax me confirm #593548 re United Cities / Woodward Thanks !
In response to your Revised Cutter Oil contract: 2 . What is the arrangement if not 100% ? 3 . I suggest ,  30 days notice / two business day notice for seller , as they must give some notice . 4 . Can you negotiate $.05 for damages ?
just as you said , the only thing we get is a recording . I did e-mail the revisions to the Agreement as well . do you have the name of another contact ?  or you can leave a message that we will cut them off if there is not response in x# of days ?
Thanks . Rest assured they will not see your work product .
Thanks , I have received same and preparing a final draft for execution .
Thank you for your assistance . We look forward to working with you . Regards ,
Yes we are !
Your a most welcome . I would like to see the doc they sign to see if they accepted our remarks .
no word
We are ok with your Addendum to the agreement . However , there remains Section 3.2 , we discussed earlier . Because this is interruptible gas we prefer Spot Standard . Also , with regards to the signatory . Is Mr . Roy VP for Atmos Energy Corporation ? I will prepare an additional GISB for United Cities . Regards ,
Have you decided about SAT ?
FINE WITH ME
Easy to say but awfully hard to do most of the time ! Its called faith .
This is a CES GISB . I will fax same to Mr . Clark .
John , Please see the attached draft for Eastern American Energy . Same has been sent to customer via Fed X today . GREAT !
Please forward your list of events/ place me on the distribution list . Thanks !
What location ?
what is the location ?
Regarding Article 3.3 Do I understand you correctly to change to read as follows: "Provided , if Buyer elects not to purchase Gas from Seller for 30 consecutive Days , Seller may terminate this Agreement upon 30 Days prior written notice." I am ok with the rest .
No , I need a credit worksheet from credit .
Here are the sp's , please have the contact w/ NE call me to discuss further .
Angela , The cover page will be different only to the extent that the administrative info will be different . With regards to the Special Provisions , please give me a call at your convenience to discuss same . Regards ,
Please see attached draft of Master Agreement
This is a utility right ?
I will arrive late tomorrow due to a doctors appointment .
Sandra , I inadvertently sent the wrong draft , therefore please disregard the previous e-mail and see attached . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss any issues you may have . Regards ,
please ignore my e-mail re utility . Thanks!!!!!!!!! !
FYI , I do physical gas agreements therefore , kindly remove my name for the ISDA distribution . Thanks !
Thanks Susan , yes , it was a little difficult doing the hair this morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Robin , At last I have reviewed your comments to the agreement . With regards to those pertaining to credit , I will have to run these by our credit dept . As soon as they respond we can proceed . I hope we can finish up next week . Best regards ,
Veronica , Relating to our previous conversation , please see the attached remarks from Duke regarding credit language in Sections10.3 and 11 . Also attached is my draft . Please let me have your thoughts . THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Further to our conversation , please see the attached GISB draft for KeySpan . Please give me a call if you have any questions .
Please give me a call . T hanks !
Please look at the attached redline . If you are in agreement , and Jeff gives his approval , I will send execution docs .
Are you preparing a credit sheet for a Master for Belden & Blake ?
ENA does not have any agreements in place w/ OP at this time .
Please review the attached revision to Section 10 . of the GISB in response to Northeast request to delete the first two sentences . Thanks
Thanks , please let me know how this plays out .
Sorry , I do not have this info . I believe you need to contact someone in accounting for this .
Thanks for your e-mail , I will get back to you early next week .
Melissa , Further to our conversation , attached are ENA's Special Provisions to the GISB along with revisions to certain sections . With regards to the payment guarantee , in the second paragraph please change "10 days" to "five business days" where it appears . For Section 2.4 , please change ENA to confirming party , and in Section 3.2 change to Spot Price Standard . Finally , we purpose the following language for Section 10.1 . Upon your review of the attached , please give me a call to disucss same . Regards ,
Pat , As a follow up on GISB issues , we cannot agree to "Cover Standard" in Section 1.2 . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Regards ,
We do
Steve , Concerning Section 11.3 , we cannot agree to Force Majeure language as written in the GISB . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Regards ,
we will keep our finger's crossed
I have a very early appointment in the Med Center for tests in the morning . I expect to be in the office no later than 10:00 .
Susan , Re: Reliant: I am sure the letter Cynde uses is fine however , I would like to see it before you send it to Reliant . Re: Oneok: Did they give 30 day notice ? I would like to know what Oneok's relationship is to Elwood and KN ? 
Stacy , Checking on the status of revised Master and GISB sent to you in December . If you have any questions , or I can provide additional information , please let me know . Regards ,
Lori , Inquiring about the status of the agreement sent to you in December . Regards ,
Checking on the status of Clark County ?
I am not having any luck w/ this cp re the Master .  Left message today . Suggestions , Help ! Thanks
No , I was waiting for you to tell me if Cutter agreed to the revisions , and I needed to discuss revisions w/ Jeff Hodge for approval . I will send the agreement today pending your reply . Also , there needs to be included into Article 1 . the following: ( after "Term" ) provided this Agreement shall continue to apply to all Transactions then in effect until all Transactions are completed . Article3 . delete "Exclusive Commitment and Representations and Warranties" . Please advise . Thanks !
My only concern is that they have the legal right to cancel the contract . "Certain Assets" must also include the agreement at issue .
I you been in touch with LD ? If so , what is the status of the Master ?
Do you have any credit issues w/ NW ? They would like to have a GISB . Previously we had a GISB in place , but has "trade suspended" . Please advise . Thanks !
Good luck today , hope today is it .
talk to me later
Ed , John Malowney has requested a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for Louisiana Pacific Corp . In that regard , please send me a credit work sheet in order that I may prepare same . Thanks!! !
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY ! !!!!!!! !
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY
Thanks for your reply , you do mean New Waskom right , as you have Gaskom in your e-mail . Also should I have them get in touch with you re financial statements . Thanks
thanks , i will request same before proceeding !
As an update , checking on the status of the Master , I have been informed the city attorney is in the process of reviewing our draft .
Gene , Further to our conversation , please see the attach draft of a Master Firm Purchase/ Sale Agreement between ENA and Cenex Harvest Sates . Upon your review please give me a call to discuss and issues you may have . Very truly yours ,
NW has informed me they will only be selling to ENA ,  therefore I will proceed with negotiations unless I hear otherwise .
I would like to take 1/2 day of vacation Friday .
Please see revised agreement let me know if you want me to forward same to Cutter .
Russell , I have not seen Cargill's comments to our Master , if fact I have tried to contact them without response . I will e-mail them and have them send me their remarks so we may proceed . Thanks !
Marc , Thank you for your e-mail concerning the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement , kindly forward your comments to my attention by e-mail or fax ( see # below ) and I will review same . on an expedited basis . Thank you for your attention to the foregoing . Regards ,
Are working on a master with Cargill ?
Is the meter # for Harley 713474 ?
I have , I await my credit departments response . Will try to speak to them tomorrow . Thanks !
Yes , I will send execution docs for signature . Thanks !
Thanks for your e-mail , I will forward execution docs for your signature .
please take a look at their comments regarding credit sections . i belive i know your response . thanks Thanks! !
Ben , Further to our conversation , please see the attached GISB draft . Upon your review , please contact me to discuss and questions or issues you may have . Regards ,
Please send your address and I will over night execution documents . Thanks !
Sandra , Also , in addition to address , please provide me with information to complete Exhibit "A" to the agreement as necessary for CP&L . Thanks ! Regards ,
Will do !
Concerning you question about a customer list for gas agreements , we do not have such a list .
FYI , Northeast Gas Markets , LLC has a new GISB w/ ENA . I believe they are already trading , I will forward the agreement in a few days .
FYI , to date I still await a credit work sheet from credit .
If you want to go , I will be going to lunch at 12:00 . Also I am going to Harrasment thing of Friday at 2:45 , go with me ?
disregard the harrasment thing , i see it is for ena only .
These confirms are in the wrong name ? The correct name should be Carolina Power and Light Company ?
Please see the attach e-mail regarding confirms for Carolina Power & Light Company .
Sandra , I am sending via Federal Express two originals for signature today . Also , I have sent your e-mail re the confirms to our Confirmation desk for handling . Regards .
Please look at section 3.3 Seller's Representative/Signature page . Thanks !
Please please send me credit sheets for these two Engage entities , they are negotiating several long term trades beginning in March . Many thanks!! !
Have you had a chance to review the credit comments for these two ?
YES , look forward to seeing you with baby pictures!!! !
Please see below , re MAC for Aquila Thanks !
Thanks for your e-mail . Yes because we are different companies with different credit departments , we would not necessarily agree to the same terms . Having said that , I have sent your attachment to credit for review . This is all we can do for now . Best regards ,
Lunchable today!!! !
I understand ENA as extended an offer and accepted by Ms . Gonzalez as assistant . I am checking to see that you received my paper work for referral ?
either day is ok , i have ask nony for tomorrow as well
Further to our conversation , please see attach resume . Thanks! !
This looks fine . However , I wanted to let you know we do not sign the Appendix as it is incorporated into the agreement . I will print and send to your for execution . Regards ,
John , One final change with your OK . Regarding section 7.5 last sentence , delete after "be" and add "paid." The sentence will read , "Upon resolution of such dispute , any amounts owing will be paid." Please advise . Many thanks ,
You are on the trail , please forward copies of the confirms in question to me , I have a copy of the contract . Thanks !
Thanks so much for your help . Please see below . Also I am sending a list from Deirdre McCaffrey .
If you are joining us , departure is at 12:30 ?
OFF OFF OFF
Be advised , I am sending a draft today to LP ( R.Dieringer ) today for their review .
With apologies for the delay in responding to your e-mail of 12/12/2001 , concerning issues of arbitration , we cannot remove the arbitation provision . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Best regards ,
Left message w/ Cindy , will adivse .
Is it correct to say that no confirmation was sent by ENA or Southwest for our Stara #538767 ? If so , how was the Southwest deal for Jan delivery papered ?
Yes the guaranty does cover the ENA gas master . Also , as you may know this gty terminates on 10/1/01 .
See my work # below
I understand you would like to put a GISB in place with ENA . If so , please give me a call at the number listed below to discuss . Regards ,
Mr . Mitchell , At the request of Phil DeMoes I am forwarding a draft of a GISB between Enron North America Corp . and Oglethorpe Exchange Place . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss any questions and or issues regarding the draft . I may be reached at one of the locations listed below . Regards ,
This is fine , many thanks again to you and everyone for your help!! !
I hope to have your list to you sometime tomorrow .
Expecting to have this for your tomorrow .
As you may know this entity has purchased the gas trading section of Merrill Lynch . In turn they have approached ENA requesting a GISB and Master for physical gas trades . Do you have any problem with a GISB and Master ? Please advise . Contact: Robbie Capoor Thanks !
John , I agree , and suggest the following: Upon resolution of such dispute , any amounts owing will be paid within five business days .
See Cutter Oil drafts , You will notice one of the agreements contains seller representative language in Section 9.9 as well as signature line for Harley . Please let me know if you would like for me forward these to Cutter .
Debbie , Attached are drafts for two GISBs for Engage Canada and Engage America . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss . Also , I await our credit dept . for numbers to initate a Master but anticipate same today or tomorrow . Regards ,
We will agree to "shall" for netting section .
call me
Further to our conversation regarding a GISB between Cordova Energy Company LLC and ENA , please see the attached . Regards ,
Your customer list as reguested , please see below . Please see attached customer list as requested .
In response to your e-mail please see the attached draft sent to Trans Canada . Be advised Trans Canada was less than eager to negotiate this agreement and as of today there has been no action . It would be great to get both executed! !
Daniel , FYI , the GISB will be coming to your attention via Federal Express no latter than Thursday .
Thanks !  Do you know the time of the Bowling Tournament ?
I left another message w/ Abrams today re gty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
FYI , attached are lists of GISBs and Masters I am currently working on .
Lunchable today??? ?
Yes , please when/ where ?
Laurie , Thanks for your call . Attached is a redline version incorporating ENA and Cabot's revisions . Please give me a call after you have had a chance to review same . Regards ,
I do not find any existing agreements for Oglethrope or ACES .
New York law is ok w/ ENA .
Thanks , I will prepare execution documents . Please e-mail me your special provisions again so I may incorporate same into the GISB . Regards ,
Sandra Haskins w CP&L has requested an amended confirm for the following: #QL9902.1 / 572986 dated 2/22 . The second page of the confirm has Louisiana Power and Light with different confirm number . I spoke to Ellen earlier re this , and she said a revised confirm had been sent however , LP still appears in the heading . Sandra 's number is 919-546-2561 . Tammi CP&L has executed a our Master agreement .
What is the credit status for SDG ? Have you restricted online trade ?
Please see attached draft . I will forward same to Clarence Mitchell .
Clarence , Please see the attached Master Firm Purchase/Sale draft between Oglethrope and ENA for your review . Please do not hesitate to give me a call with any questions and or issues you with to discuss . Regards ,
Please see attached Master Firm Purchase/ Sale draft . I have e-mailed your customer a draft as well .
Thanks so much for the invite , I would love to go however I have plans .
Would like to see you for lunch .
Please see attached draft of Master agreement .
FYI , attached is a list of matters I am currently working on .
Further to our conversation , please see attached sample agreements . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss any questionsand or issues you may have regarding this matter . Regards ,
Please see attached draft with revision to Section 4.5 , "Customer Termination Payment" reads $1,000,000 . Royster is in possession of the latest draft .
Mr . Carlson , Upon further review , I have made some additional corrections , these are minor however I would like to point these out to you prior to sending documents for signature . Please give me a call at your convenience to discuss same . Regards ,
Searching in Illinois/ Delaware/ remaining U.S . Fed Bac Courts , I find NO filings for Smurfit . In addition , I find no Tax liens or judgments at this time in these states . I will continue to check . Please let me know if you have any additional information . I will keep you informed .
Thank you for your phone call regarding the status of the agreement . Attached is a redlined draft incorporating your changes and ENA's . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss same . Regards ,
I will be out of the office today from 2:00 - 2:30 for a trip across the street to the dentist .
As our signature lines do not have a date , from correspondence it appears to have been signed around Sept . 20th .
are you lunchable today ?
call
As an update for you , I will be discussing your comments with my counsel this week and hope to respond to you soon .
I do not see any difference in this wording .
Is it your intent to have master agreements with the following; American Central Eastern Gas Company , Limited Partnership American Central Gas Technologies Inc . American Central Western Oklahoma Gas Company , LLC Please advise ?
Please give me a call to discusss KEYSPAN .
Priscilla , In response to your e-mail of 2/28 please see the following remarks . 1 . Confirming Party: Enron desires to be confirming party . 2 . Choice of Law: Agree to NY law . 3 . Performance Obligation: ENA cannot agree to cover standard , "Special Provisions" 1 . ENA does not agree to the suggest change as the transaction procedure is "oral" . 2 . Section 11.1 Cannot agree to revisions to this section . 3 . Agreed 4 . Agreed Enron does not agree to suggested Special Provisions . Please feel free to give me a call to discuss and issues regarding this matter . Regards ,
Thanks this looks marvelous !  !
Please advise when you have final numbers for the credit section and I will proceed .
I have left a message with Ed Sacks re a credit worksheet for a Master with Tico and await his response .
Further to our conversation , please see requested sample agreements . As previously stated these documents are for negotiation purposes only . Regards ,
As discussed , please see attached sample agreements . Regards ,
Please take a look at the Proposed revisions to the master below . Specifically Articles 4.1 , 4.2 , and 4.6 . My response is NO to their revisions , but since this is a credit matter , give me your thoughts .
As discussed , please see attached agreements .
My friends and I would like to buy a table for the banquet April 9th and request that Bobby Reynolds #21 be at our table . If this is not possible , we would like to see the list and pick another player . Please let me know as soon as possible the cost for table and in additional single tickets . Thanks
what notes ?
what time / where , want to go off campus ?
YES , thanks .
We will not agree to the use of the GISB for firm delivery past 30 days . I will get in touch with Lucci to discuss a master agreement . To speed things along I will attach a sample of our master for your review . Pending credits review , we could send you a draft as early as Monday .  Regards ,
I have been in contact with your customer Greely regarding a GISB and or Master . It is my understanding they wish to trade firm long term ( 1 year or greater ) I have related to them ENA will not go past 30 days on firm delivery with a GISB and suggest consideration of a Master . Please advise how you want to proceed .
The draft for Terra is finished , pending attorney review . Will adivse when ready. .
AS always your are great!!!! ! Thanks for your help .
With regards to Section 9.9 Seller's Representative , 1 . Cutter pays Harley ? 2 . As written E would not fix a price with Harley in a separate deal ?
Russell this number is not in service ?
Attached is a draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for Belden . Are you going to present this to the customer or should I mail the draft ? If you want me to mail a copy , please give me the name of a contact .
Dan says , Cutter in acting as "Representative" for Harley , would receive payments from Enron . With regards to deals , deals with Harley at different prices is ok . Concerning FM , Harley could claim FM for delivery to the meter . Hope this helps . If not , please discuss further with Dan .
Need to discuss Spot Agreement w/ you . Please call when time permits .
Marcia , I have completed my review of the revised Special Revisions my remarks are as follows: We do not agree to the first paragraph . 1 . Agreed 2 . Agreed 3 . Agreed 4 . Agreed 5 . Agreed 6 . Agreed with change in wording.' 7 . Agreed 8 . Agreed to with exception of ( ii) . We do not agree to suggested addition of Sections 10.3 and 10.4 . 9 and 10 . Agreed 11 . Agreed 12 . Agreed 13 . We do not agree to this language . Because the Special Provisions are part of the agreement there is no need for additional signature . Finally , Enron perfers to be confirming party of all transactions . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Regards ,
Please see below request for Master .
Will do , I have requested a credit worksheet from credit .
Beth , We will agree to this version with the following changes: "Enron recognizes that , when NEGM is acting as Buyer hereunder , NEGM is purchasing gas on behalf of certain gas companies ( the "Repurchasers" ) to whom it immediately resells such gas at the Delivery Point(s) . In addition to any other circumstances for which NEGM is entitled to claim force majeure pursuant to this Contarct , Enron agrees that NEGM as Buyer shall be entitled to claim force majeure if a Repurchaser purchasing gas from NEGM is unable to take delivery of gas as a result of an event of force majeure at such Delivery Point)s) . The parties further agree that the term "Transporter" when used in this Contract , including , but not limited to , in Sections 4.1 . and 11.1 , shall include any company acting in the capacity of a transporter for any Repurchaser and agree that Section 4.3 of the Contract will apply to invoices from such Transporters for Imbalance Charges received from such Transporters to the same extent as if such invoices were received by NEGM , provided that any such Repurchaser scheduled and nominated the same volumes as Enron and NEGM scheduled and nominated on behalf of such Repurchaser at the Delivery Point(s)." Please let me have your thoughts . Regards ,
As requested , please see attached . Regards ,
Who is the General Partner ? Is it TECO Energy Inc. ?
Here is your Guaranty . Have them sign two letters and attach copies of the original Gty as Exhibit A . Call me if you have any questions .
I will fax the attached to Belden & Blake today .
Here is the draft of the Master Agreement for Frontera . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Thanks for your help , I have talked with Mr . Shaw and we are all set . Have a Great Weekend!! ! Give me a call , I will be here till 6:00 .
Sorry , I am unable to help you with your gas bill . I suggest you try the following: Depending on where our live ( ie city or supplier) , contact the supplier regarding your rates , and have your meter checked . Also you might request the supplier check their line to your home .
Please see below .
Here is a draft of our GISB . Our Special Provisions are on the last page .
Stacy informed me re credit language for the GISB , we will amend upon Russell's suggestions .
I have sent a gisb draft for review and will call re master . Thanks!! !
Further to our conversation , I have placed in the mail today money for the table with Mr . Reynolds . Thanks for your help .
An update , I sold the table , and 6 additional tickets!!!!!!!!!! !
Let me know if you want to give her away!!! ! She is precious .
As discussed , please see attached draft of Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for Greeley . Please give me a call if you have any questions .
By way of letter to TransAlta , I have incorporated administrative information as provided by TransAlta as a part of Exhibit "A" .
Allison and I are going to Ninfas if you can stand it !
As an update , I anticipate completion of the GTC draft this afternoon and pending counsel review e-mail same to you tomorrow morning .
The only contract w/ Glendale is a Master Sale Spot , no Master PS .
I have prepared final documents for execution and placed them in the mail on 2/12 . Please advise should you have any concerns regarding same . Regards ,
The credit language is not attached ?
Please see attached , I am not familiar with this agreement ?
I know nada about this agreement . I have relayed your inquiry to Stacy / Dan .
We are obligated to put the warranty in the agreement as this is intrastate gas . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Regards ,
If you talk with these folks today would you ask them to give me a call . I have a few questions ? 713-853-7658 Thanks !
Jennifer , Please see attached draft of GTC for Weirton . I have included credit terms as requested and elected to leave the Contract Price blank . Please let me know if you have any questions . I will be out of the office the remainder of the day , and return tomorrow .
Your last e-mail said you had attached the revised credit terms , but it was not there ?
to the Houston Aeros Booster Club . are you lunchable today
Further to our conversation , please see attached Sample of our Master Agreement and GISB . Please do not hesitate to give me a call to discuss any issues and or concerns you may have regarding this matter . Regards ,
will do
I agree , however today is not possible . Let me get back with you tomorrow .
Sandra , In response to your comments: Section 11.1 We cannot agree to the use of GISB's force majeure language . Section 13.9 We will agree to suggested changes . Finally , warranty language would also need to be included in the GISB . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Regards ,
Sorry for the delay , I will send the documents out on Friday . Regards ,
Ms . Renken , Further to our conversation , please see attached draft . Regards ,
Please take a look at the attachment "changes" regarding credit language for Articles 4.1 and 4.2 and advise . Thanks!!!!!!! !
Beth , OK ,  I give . Is your intent to delete Section 10.13 ? If so , yes we will agree . Thanks for your patience and attention . Regards ,
Please see attached draft of Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for Wisconsin . Please let me know if you have any questions .
I trust you will forward the draft to your customer , I will be happy to do so however , I need a contact/ address .
Please if not too late , send the attached draft , and disregard previous draft , as I have made a small revision .
Robin , I apologize for the delay , I am still waiting on credit regarding your comments . I have contacted the credit dept . today re these issues . I will call you early next week . Regards ,
In response to your phone message , attached is a sample of our GISB with info you requested . Best regards ,
Thanks for your e-mail re Aquila . I will incorporate the MAC both A/B along with the definitions . And you also want me to apply the same language to the contract with ENA . If this is not correct , please let me know . Thanks again! !
Sorry , one I additional question , the previous worksheet had ratios for EBITDA , net worth , and FD/NW . Do you want any of these to remain or only use the new mac ?
Currently there is a CES GISB with XCEL only ,  I can find no agreements with Northern States Power of Minnesota .
See attached e-mail from PPL requesting a Master agreement . Thanks !  !
Gary , Thank you for your e-mail of 15 March , my comments are as follows: 1 . PPL EnergyPlus , LLC: we will be happy to prepare a draft of a Master Agreement for your consideration pending ENA credit review; 2 . Confirmations: ENA will NOT agree to both parties confirming , unless ENA's confirm is controlling . If agreed PPL may also send a confirm with this understanding; 3 , Disclaimer: we will agree to included verbiage as requested in the disclaimer . Best regards ,
Stacey , Can you help me with the attached ? Laurie' phone number is 281-589-4613 . Thanks !
Laurie , Thanks for your e-mail of 15 March regarding the agreements and transactions . I have sent your e-mail to Stacey Richardson in our contracts administration group . She will contact you regarding this matter . If you have any additional questions , or I can be of further assistance , please give me a call . Best regards ,
Re the Mac , it applies to Greeley , not Atmos correct ?
Please note 4 hours of personal time for me for Wednesday March 14th . Thanks
thanks!! !
I am preparing a master draft between these two companies , I only need a Mac for ownership correct ? Nothing else ? Please let me know ASAP
Angela , Sorry , the fault is mine . Please see the attached .
John , I need the MMbtus a day , delivery point , and price for the confirm . Thanks !
Please tell me again which one of these agreements you want to go out asap ?
Mr . Bahl , Please see the attached revised draft of a Master Agreement between Enron North America and Royster Clark , Inc . Please note this draft is for discussion purposes only . In addition , please disregard previous the draft . Should you have any questions , and or comments , please do not hesitate to give me a call to discuss these issues . Regards ,
Christina here is our master agreement . Give me a call if you have any questions .
FYI , I have all your drafts completed , I just need to proof read one more time .
Be advised , I have executed Master Agreement for this customer , and will forward same to you as soon as possible , as trade will be forth coming tomorrow .
Further to our conversation , please see attached draft of GISB .
I will arrive late tomorrow due to doctor appointment . Should be here
Dan and I are working on draft .
Just to say Hi ! How is the Ponderosa coming along ? Would like to hear from you .
Please tell Mary Beth to send back the GISB draft I have sent with their administrative info on it and give me a call or e-mail to discuss any issues they may have . Thanks ! !!! !
Michelle , Attached is a draft of ENA's GISB for your review . Please do not hesitate to give me a call with any quetions and or comments you may have . Regards ,
Currently there are only GTC's w/ Nicor , I will request a credit worksheet from credit for a Master .
Also re Nicor , GISB contractrs have been sent for execution .
Beth , I will send execution docs to Northeast . Many thanks for your assistance . Best regards ,
Whatl is the deal with the guaranty ? They have refused our gty to them ? 
Thanks ! if you will not be in the gym tonight , please give me a call .
Are you working on a contract with this company ? Dan said you were looking at their paper . They are close to signing our Master with a few revisions . My contact is Marc Rubenstein . Please advise .
As discussed on Tuesday , please see the attached draft of an amendment to the guaranty for Iroquois Gas Transmission System L.P . The exsting guaranty terminates on March 31st . Thanks for your help! !
Mary , I am sending to you today via Federal Express execution copies of the GISB between Keyspan-Ravenswood and Enron North America Corp . Please have each signed by an officer of your company and return same to my attention . I will forward an original for your records upon final signature . Please do not hesitate to give me a call should you have any questions and or comments . Best regards ,
Dear Thomas: Attached for your review is a draft of a GISB between Enron North America Corp . and Houston Energy Services Company , L.L.C . Please give me a call with any questions and or comments regarding this matter . Regards ,
Do you want me to continue with Cargill ?
Where are we at w/ this gyt ? Did I send you the draft ?
Thanks !
Will you agree to $.05 on the penalty ?
Please look at the attached and advise as soon as possible . Thanks !
Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Would you fax me copies of the two guaranties . 713-646-3491 . Thanks
I should have the originals tomorrow .
I am currently negotiating a GISB w/ PPL Energy Plus and they have requested a Master draft .
thanks! ! I have them
I inadvertently missed the awards / dinner , I WILL attend . Thanks .
yes
click on the attached for the Koch Energy Trading , Inc . contract / 1/1/2000
Holley , Thanks for your call re terms for the GISB . Please see attached draft with special provisions . Best regards ,
attached is info for credit contact w/ PPL
Gary , I will prepare a final draft for your review incorporating agreed revisions and special provisions . Best regards ,
Thanks ! Last year some of us went to "Lightening Ranch" for riding , can you help me find their phone number ? Many thanks !
thanks!!!!!! !
This great to know , many thanks !
Do we net amounts of gas at delivery points ?
Kathy , Please give me a call at your convenience to discuss Cargill's comments to our Master draft . Best regards ,
Please send me the credit worksheet again .
Please send a credit worksheet for the Conoco Inc . ENA has the following deal: confirmed on GTC
Did you get the info from Fran ?
Here is a Master draft for Nicor . I trust you will forward to your customer ? Let me know if you need anything else for Nicor .
John , As discussed , please see attached GISB . If in agreement , please advise and I will send execution documents . Best regards ,
FYI , I am in the process of preparing revisions to the Master Draft for OGE which includes a revision to the arbitration section . Upon completion , Jeff Hodge or I will forward a draft to you tomorrow .
Bryant , Attached is the revised Master draft for OG&E . As previously discussed , "Arbitration" provisions found on page "1-3" have been altered to allow for arbitration by mutual agreement . Should you have any questions , please give Jeff or I a call .
I do not find an agreement in our system for this company .
Kathleen , Here are two revised Master for your review . We have agreed to $.05 for the penalty section , and I have made other changes to Article1 . Please let me know if you are ready to close . Best regards ,
no
Have you had a chance to review their credit language ?
Just wanted to let you know , Royster has closed , we have fully executed agreements .
I understand you are working w/ these two companies . I need worksheets for Engage America LLC and Engage Canada .
Please see below . Can you help them with their on-line questions ?
I have sent your question re on line trading to that area . They will contact you . I am in the process of reviewing your special provisions . Best regards ,
Jackie Taylor - she is located at Court House Concessionaire and under her name in the directory .
Please clarify "all" do you intend 10MM for ENA as well ?
Revised Article 4.6
The only agreement I can find is a Master Sale Spot w/ City of Springfield . Please let me know if you need anything else .
Tammi , Attached is an image of the GISB . As you see it was CES acquired by ENA in asset purchase . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Best regards ,
Priscilla , I do not find the term "Alternate Transporter Imbalance" in our agreement. . The term "Aggregate Transporter Imbalance" is located in several sections . Could this be what your referencing ? Regards ,
See attached revised Article 4.6 Masters below .
Kathleen , You are correct , I will make the appropriate changes and give you another review before sending execution papers . Best regards ,
Jill: As discussed , attached is a GISB draft for Pioneer . As you can see there are several blanks concerning administrative information for ENA Upstream . I was able to secure a Duns# and Fed Tax ID however , I am lacking Fax and bank account numbers . Do you have this information ?
Cindy , Please forward a copy of the J.M . Huber Corporation Guaranty to my attention . The Guaranty is dated August 1 , 2000 . Thanks! !
They are taking delivery in the U.S .
Kim , Please see below , drafts of the following: Cities of Anaheim , LA , LB , and Glendale . Should you have any questions , please contact Dan Hyvl at 36895 .
Kim , Please disregard previous draft for C of Glendale , this is a corrected draft .
Yes , thank you . The time is as stated beginning at 6pm/ place is the Warwick Hotel .
The Warwick Hotel 5791 Main Street , Houtson Many thanks! !
Will proceed and send you a draft .
You can send them if you want . Please let me know otherwise I will send same .
Do you know the bank account number and Fax number for ENA Upstream ?
Thanks Kim , here are the revised agreements .
I will send the attached confirm today unless you have any objections . Please advise .
FYI , I will be sending to Weirton the attached confirm / GTC .
RSVP for me for April lunch/meeting . Thanks !
Thanks!!!!!!! ! Have a Good Weekend!! !
Are you forwarding these drafts to your customer ?
Here is the final draft for Aguila / ENA . Please review the credit sections , definitions/ MAC and let me know if you have any additional changes as I am ready to send this and follow with execution docs . I am sending only ENA as HPL mirrors this agreement . Thanks
At this time , there is only a GTC .
I need to see the GTY , Thanks
Susan , please see below re ISDA .
I have sent your request to Susan Bailey in our financial section , she can assist you .
Kim , Here are the drafts for Anaheim / LA . I am working on Arizona Public Service .
Has Aquila agreed to this language ? Or do you want me to negotiate it ?
Here are the revised drafts re "Shareholders Equity" .
Kim , Here is the draft for Arizona Public Service .
Their are no contracts for any of the parties save Western Farmers Elect . which has a Master Purchase in place .
with apologies for the delay , I have just received comments to your responses . I will redline these changes and comments and send same to you in a day or so . Best regards ,
I have just received comments to your response to the Master . I will redline these and forward same to you in a few days . Best regards ,
I anticipate a response for you in a couple of days .
Just to let you know , I have an executed GISB from KeySpan awaiting signature from ENA VP .
All transactions with these parties expired as of 3/31 there are no outstanding deals .
Please send info again . Thanks
I have been assured to have a response by tomorrow . Best regards ,
"Aggregate Transporter Imbalance" is an imbalance of supply or demand as a result of performance by Seller or Buyer's respective suppliers or customers . Please feel free to give me a call should you require further explanation , Regards ,
I would like to take Monday April 9th , and Friday April 13th .
Patty , Further to our conversation regarding a GISB contract , please see the attached draft . Please let me know if you have any additional questions and or comments regarding this matter . Best regards ,
Dave , Here is a Master draft for PSC of NM . Please let me know if you need anything further .
Use "4428" for the GISB .
Cindy , Please have the guaranty for NUI Utilities , Inc . signed and returned to my attention as soon as possible . Thanks for your assistance .
NUI Utilities , Inc . thanks! !
They are ready to sign , I will send execution docs today .
Sure , please give me the name of a contact / phone number I can negotiate with or I can send you a draft to forward ?
Is this a 1 month deal ? Do you want to adjust the price for gathering & transport ?
Will check on them !
Hi Kathy , Please look closely over this version and let me know if you see any problems .
Please take a look at the credit section for this agreement one final time . They are ready to sign .
Kathy , I noticed I neglected to included the BBB- rating for your guarantor on the draft . Let me know if you have nay other changes .
Are you placing tickets for all my table at the door ? Allison McHenry has not received her ticket yet and was inquiring ? Thanks! !
We will have to postpone our meeting today as Stacy is out ill today . I will try to reschedule for Monday and let you know .
I e-mailed the draft again to her yesterday .
Kathleen , Attached are drafts with revisions as suggested . Please let me know if these are acceptable . Best regards ,
I do not prepare ISDAs however , you can contact one of the following persons: Susan Bailey 713-345-3249 . Regards ,
Please provide me with the name of a contact / phone # or Email add .
Sorry for the confusion , my e-mail has not been working properly this week .
Please forward a credit worksheet for the attached . Thanks !
I will give the form to the chairman monday
Please see below request for Master .
I have sent your company information to our credit dept . for review .
I will be out of the office Monday 9th for a vacation day and return TUE .
Sorry , will try to included you next time if closer to home . Regards ,
Good morning Robin , I spoke to Veronica Espinoza in our credit dept . regarding the threshold amounts . She will be calling you to get the name of someone in you credit area to discuss this matter . Regards ,
Please send me pricing infor for this April deal also , transporter line , is it Columbia Gas Transmission ? Thanks !
please disregard my previous e-mail , i have the info thanks !
Please email me your draft of the confirm .
Do you have time to meet with Patrici Thurston today re tax issues with Mid America ?
Tomorrow @ 2:30 OK ?
Pat is sending the confirms .
Ms . Thurston requested 3:00pm , OK ?
I am ready to finalize this agreement but prior to that I need to know the status of the guarantees for each party ?
I am confused re this matter . If you want me to prepare a Master Gas Physical Agreement I need additional information with worksheet . Thanks
As a follow up to my previous email , a Master Gas Agreement was sent to Select in December without response .
Russell / Veronica , please forward a credit worksheet for Florida Power Corp . Tammi has requested a Master Agreement for this customer . Also , this entity has had some or all of its assets purchased by Carolina Power & Light ? Thanks!! !
I have had two conversations with Mr . Dawson and others re a GISB for this muni . However , no one there is interested in putting a contract in place . Please let me know how you would like to proceed with this matter .
Please note I have sent the attached confirm and agreement for Murphy Oil's signature .
Please send me your address etc. , and I will forward a copy of the agreement .
Please see below . Katalin Kiss of TransAlta has requested an electronic copy of our final draft ? Are you OK with this ? If so , the only version I have is the original draft without revisions .
John , Further to our conversation , attached is a draft of a GISB for your consideration . At your convenience , please give me a call to discuss same . Regards ,
Hi John , Please see the attached redline to Section 11.1 of the Special Provisions . Please let me know if you are in agreement with this revision . Regards ,
The attached confirm / agreement is being sent for signature today .
I received your mailing . Thanks !
I am waiting on the execution of the docs . Thanks! !
Thank , I will have this signed by Monday and return an original to you .
In addition to the previous , pending ENA signature are the following: Florida Power Corporation EnergyUSA-Appalachian Corp . Ellen , I understand there is a deal for EnergyUSA pending ? Can these be confirmed under this GISB ?
Kathy , Here is the final form w/ revisions . Please review same and let me know if you see any problems . I have had a few computer problems this afternoon so there is a chance this doc is not perfect . Talk to you Monday . Have a great weekend!!! ! Best regards ,
Would you check to see if you have a copy in your files of an Enron Corp . gty to Heartland ? If so , could I get a copy . Thanks !
Sorry for the confusion , here it is . Regards , No response to date .
Thanks for Saturday!!!!!!!!! !
Gary , Thanks for your e-mail of 4/9/01 . We cannot agree to the suggested language regarding arbitration in Section 13 . We will of course agree to New York as jurisdiction . Please let me have your thoughts on how you would like to proceed . Regards ,
I received your phone message however , your number was not clear . Please give me a call .
In response to your request , please see attached .
Thanks again for the Easter goodies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Kathleen , This language is fine with us .
We are fine with the suggested "Tax" language for the GISB . I would like to see this included in the Special Provisions . Please let me know if this is acceptable to you ? Regards ,
Yes were are on for lunch . As for the shirt , I quess a large ?
Thanks , I have been out sick/ off , hope to be in the gym next week .
Please forward a credit worksheet for AGL . The credit contact there is Forrest Alexander 404-584-4244 . Thanks
Kristy , I am reviewing your Special Revisions and will be in touch with you in a few days . Regards ,
Here is your draft !  !  !  Let me know if you have any questions .
OK w/ me! !
I am preparing the draft now .
Kim , Here is the Hanover draft . Let me know if you have any questions .
Debbie , As an update , I have finished drafts for the two Engage entities and will e-mail same to you this week . Regards ,
I have reviewed the amendment to the Gty , but I need to see the Gty . Please send me a copy and let me know how much you want to increase same . Thanks
I spoke with Ms . Renken the end of March at which time we had reached an impasse on Force Majeure issues as well as others . I am attaching their redline for you to see . Please note also their requested changes to credit sections .
Please contact Stacy Richardson @ 30569 in Contract Administration re this agreement .
Jim Smith with Powell has advised the Master will be signed on April 20th at their Board Meeting . I will call Mr . Smith re status and advise .
Would you e-mail again the tax language and I will incorporate same into the Special Provisions . Thanks ! 
What is the status re signature of the GTC for Weirton ? This needs to be signed as soon as possible , as I understand gas is flowing ? Please advise . Many thanks ! 
Cindy , Here is the gty for execution . Thanks for your help!! !
YES YES YES
Follow up to e-mail request for credit worksheet for FPC on April 11th . Tammi needs to send a draft to the customer today . Thanks !  !
Thanks ! ! !
Sandra , Please see the attached Master Draft for your review . Please let me know if you have any question and or comments regarding the enclosed . Best regards ,
Tammi please disregard the previous e-mail . I have sent the corrected version to Sandra . They are ready to sign . I need to know about the confirm details if I need to prepare it . I can draft it and e-mail both contract / confirm to Sandra . Please advise .
Kathleen , Here is the HPL Master with revised Section 8.9 re Warranty . Please review the agreement again as I have had computer problems to the extent some revisions have not saved . Please let me know if you have any questions . Regards ,
FYI , Powell-Clinch has signed our Master , I should receive same on Monday . Weirton Steel has a confirm for execution with special language , Jennifer Shipos is the trader , expect confirm to be signed today . UGI Utilities , Inc . left message again today .
Dan and I will finish the confirm Monday morning and send same to you .
I will be there!! !
I will Fed X overnight .  Thnaks for your help .
Would you send me your info regarding EXHIBIT A , Invoices , Payments , and nominations so I can complete this section . Thanks!! !
Hi Ken , Hope you had a good weekend . Reminder to meet me a Cafe Annice this Tuesday at 8:00 .
Here is your confirm , please read the sections we have changed and let me know if you have any questions .
Thanks , you should receive the agreements in the morning .
I believe I told GG a large .
Please send copies of the gty for AGL Thanks
would you do me a favor and send me Ken Kaspar's e-mail add at Dow . thanks!! !
I will arrive late tomorrow as I will be at home regarding repairs to plumbing etc . Please feel free to call me at home if necessary .
Reminder to meet at Cafe tonight at 8:00 .
I located the previous draft for your review .
Thanks for your help .
I have made changes to Section 7.2 and Section 2.5 . Please let me know if these changes are acceptable and if you would like to proceed . Regards ,
Have you heard anything from Oneok re this agreement ? Do you have the name of a contact for me ?
Do you know anything about the status of this agreement ? Also a contact at South Jersey ?
Amy , As discussed in my phone message , we cannot agree to purposed revisions regarding Sections 11.3 and 13.9 . Also , concerning Section 3.2 we cannot agree to Cover Standard . We are fine with 13.5 New York choice of law and the remainder of suggested revisions . Please e-mail or give me a call at your convenience regarding this matter . Regards ,
Pat ,  Further to our conversation , here is a sample draft of ENA's GISB for your review . I will forward the draft of the Master later today or tomorrow . With regards to ISDA Contracts you will need to contact Stephanie Panus at
Gary , We cannot agree to change "shall" to "may , if the parties agree" in Section Regards ,
Please advise on response to below . Thanks
Please see below re confirmation for FPC . Thanks! !
Amy , As I will be away from the office tomorrow morning , please contact the following regarding the GISB and or other issues you may have . Stacy Dickson-Granmayeh Best regards ,
Good luck to you on your relocation . Take care! !
Here is the revised version .
Alan , Further to our conversation , attached is the final version of the Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement . Please sign two agreements and return same to my attention at the location listed below . Upon final execution , I will forward an original for your records . Should you have any questions and or comments , do not hesitate to give me a call . Best regards ,
Further to our conversation , please see attached sample GISB and Guaranty to Master for your review . Regards ,
I have a question on the Events of Default for ENA you have $10 Million should that not be 100 ?
I have sent a draft of a GISB and our Sample Master and that is where it is .
We are fine with these changes . I will prepare execution docs and send same to your attention . Best regards ,
Pat , Attached is a draft of a Master Agreement for your review . Please give me a call after you have had a chance to review the enclosed . Regards ,
Please take a look ASAP at the changes to the credit section for FPC . Both parties are eager to finalize this agreement today . Thanks
FYI , I have finished first talks with FPC counsel and we are close to agreement on all issues save credit and arbitration . As noted in my previous e-mail , I await credits comments on FPC changes . I will keep you apprised of my progress .
Sandra , Thank you for your e-mail , Pamela and I have just concluded discussions regarding FPC's comments to our Master Agreement . The only outstanding issues relate to credit and arbitration . I will keep you apprised of our progress . Best regards ,
FYI , execution docs for the GISB are in Allegheny's camp for signature .
Ken , Hope your week ends smoothly . I regret not being able to attend this weekend but cannot work out logistics with business trip . Just let me know when you are free you have my home number . We have set a tentative date of May 24th Take care .
Pamela , I have reviewed purposed credit changes with credit and therefore ready to discuss these and arbitration issues . Please give me a call . Best regards ,
Pamela , Here are revisions to arbitration sections as discussed .
Pamela , I have not received you changes . Try to return and attach to this e-mail .
Jill , Bob Walker has informed me that Pioneer has requested the existing GISB with ENA be assigned to ENA Upstream . The GISB at issue was acquired from Columbia Energy Services . In light of this there would be no need for a new GISB with Pioneer . To date , Pioneer is holding final version of our GISB .
I am in final negotiations with FPC , hopefully this can be concluded today . Ms . Murphy of FPC stated Dustan is scheduled to be down for repairs and delivery may not take place until the 5th ? In any case , should we not reach agreement today , I will have the confirm desk send a confirm with GTC and move the transaction to the finalized Master upon completion . I will let you know by 5:00 today our status .
Alan , Attached is a redline version of the agreement previously discussed . Let me have your thoughts regarding these changes . Best regards ,
New Master Agreements signed this week . Powell-Clinch Utility District of Anderson and Campbell Counties , Tennessee Cargill , a Division of Cargill Incorporated T.R . Gas
That is correct .
On my desk is a new GISB for TEXEX ENERGY PARTNERS , LTD .
How is the new puppy ? It was a welcome break to play with your dogs Friday . I think we should have dog breaks everyday !
count me in
Just to let you know , I will be having dinner with my group on Wed in response to Kim's e-mail .
Alas it is not ,  I have their signature and await ENA's . Should be able to get it to you today .
Alan , In response to your phone call , I too had to refresh my mind its MONDAY!! . I will e-mail later today a final version of the redline for execution . You can print two originals , sign both and send same to my attention at the address below . I will return a fully executed original for your records . Should need to trade prior to full execution of the GISB , send me a fax with signature . Please let me know if you have any additional questions or comments . Best regards ,
Alan , Here is the final version of the Agreement . Please let me know if I may be of further assistance . Best regards ,
We will agree to suggested language in our conversation whereby Seller confirms within 2 days , failing that Buyer confirms .
With guarded optimism I believe we have reached an agreement . I await the final draft from their counsel for execution .
We have reservations for 12:00 tomorrow at Back Street Cafe . Meet us downstairs at 11:40 .
Eugene Water & Electric Board is correct .
What is the status of our draft ?
Sorry to hear this . I will begin reviewing your comments . However , I will be out of the office beginning tomorrow morning and for the remainder of the week . I will be in touch with you early next week . Best regards ,
Here is a draft of the purchase agreement requested .
Yes , they received a draft in March , and I am sending another today .
Pam , The final version looks good to me however , I am waiting on my attorneys final review which I anticipate late this afternoon or first thing in the morning . Thanks again for your assistance . Deb
Can I e-mail you the draft ?
Please see attached Master Sample
Here is the master sample for you . Credit sections are: Articles 4 , 4.1 , 4.2 , and 4.5 , or 4.6 . Remedies , Liability and damages: Article 8.3 Obligations and Performance: Articles 3.1 , 3.3,and 3.4
At the request of John Singer , I am forwarding to you the attached . Please feel free to contact me with any questions regarding the enclosed . Regards ,
Here it is! ! NG Energy Trading , LLC
Pam , I am in receipt of our agreement and same is being executed this afternoon . I should be able to fax you the signature page tomorrow as well as Fed X fully executed doc .
Pam , With regards to netting language for the GISB , my suggestion is to incorporate the same language found in master .
Will talk with you tonight .
Tammi attached is a redline version of the draft with changes per credit to the "Material Adverse Change" found in Appendix "1" , I have also changed the date of the agreement . With regards to Section "4.7" found in the sample , this does provision does not apply to Texican's agreement and therefore disregarded .
when convenient , need to discuss latest comments from M in 5/1 e-mail ,
Yes
Be advised I have sent the redline version their trader is negotiating with Tammi off of the previous draft as well .
Please see the attached redline version of the Master Firm Purchase Sale Agreement .  This version incorporates changes to Section 4.5 as discussed . Please do not hesitate to give me a call with any questions you may have regarding the enclosed .
Please see comments regading Thresholds and advise as soon as possible . Thanks
Robin , Thanks for your e-mail , I have sent another request along with your comments to our credit department . I hope to have a response this week . Regards ,
Florida Power & Gas I am happy to say is done! ! Texican is close . Prime Operating Company Trans: # 586532 Can you tell me who the trader is ? Thanks!! !
Devon SFS Operating , Inc .
See below Devon Master
See attached Devon GISB
Its M & M time . Hope baby is better!! !
Can you tell me if we currently have any deals outstanding for the following: Devon SFS Operating , Inc . ( Master ) Devon SFS Operating , Inc . ( GISB ) Thanks! !
I have reviewed suggested revisions to Greene's agreement . We will not agree to suggested changes to section 3.3 regarding purchase obligations because of capacity constraints . The remainder of Greene's requests are ok . I have not discussed these issues with Greene . Do you want me to talk to them ?
Thank you for your reply to my questions . I suggest we put a GISB in place if agreeable . Please advise on how you would like to proceed . Attached is a draft of our GISB for your review . Best regards ,
Pioneer has requested a gty with ENA Uptream . Please see below .
Kim , attached is a draft for the City of Long Beach . Do you have an e-mail add for Mr . Garner ?
Many thanks!! !
John , please look at the revisions to Section 3.3 below . Also , I wanted toknow if you wanted to make this a monthly contract . As written it is for 1year . 3.3 . Buyer's Purchase Obligation . Buyer shall have the right to take andpurchase 100 percent of Seller's Daily Deliverability of Gas . This Agreemeis entered into with the understanding ( i ) that Buyer,s takes of Gas hereunder are subject to the availability of interruptible services from Transporter and ( ii ) that Buyer plans to resell the Gas production from theReceipt Point(s ) to other purchasers If Buyer elects not to purchase Gasfrom Seller for 30 consecutive Days , Seller may terminate this Agreement upon 10 Days written notice . Seller agrees to do all things necessary and reasonable to assist Buyer in obtaining the approvals for and/or implementing any resale mechanism(s ) chosen from time to time by Buyer . Please advise .
It was until they deleted that portion of 9.2 . I left a message for Greg to call me regarding this issue which we should be able to resolve .
Thanks ! !!!!!!!!!!!!! !
I need the name of the company ? I can do the confirm but I need the terms , volumes , delivery points , dates etc .
The agreement was finalized and returned to Kathy on April 27th . Please let me know if you are unable to located the agreement . Regards ,
Mr . Hall: Attached is a revised Gas Purchase Agreement and Confirm for your review . I have completed the confirm , and revised Sections 3.3 and 9.2 . If you are in agreement with this version of the contract , please print two originals sign the contract and confirm , return both to my attention at the location below . I will send an original for your records upon final execution . Please fax the confirm to my attention at the number listed below upon after signing . Should you have any additional comments and or questions , please give me a call . Best regards ,
How are your dogs ? You should be aware there is a nasty virus going around which both of mine have had concerning each end .
Citation 1994 Investment Limited Partnership , a Texas limited partnership
please give me a call at your leisure re this .
see below
I will draft a confirm with your credit language and confirm under existing Master Agreement .
Please see below from Greene . Thank you for your reply .
Please review the attached confirm and advise regarding any changes . Thanks ! 
Enron LNG see link below
Attached are drafts of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for gas . Upon completion of a guaranty I will incorporate a section for same .
You will need to contact the credit department , Veronica Espinoza or Russell Diamond , request a creditsheet and I will darft an agreement .
Please contact Wade HIcks @ 33950
Have you had a chance to reivew the confirm ? Please advise . Thanks! !
Yes I have a signed original and will fax you same . Thanks for the feedback on the confirm . Fax # ? 
Any day other than Thursday or Friday is good .
Here is the revised confirm .
Veronica , please send an e-mail to Jeff / Stacy requesting changes to Threshold for the LC's as discussed so I can make changes to my forms .
Thanks , I await return of the confirm from Citation .
This company has requested a Master Agreement ? I thought there were some issues regarding their credit . Please let me know if we can do a Master and it so , please send a credit sheet asap . Thanks
Mr . Mullin: At the behest of Maureen Smith please see the attached sample GISB for your consideration . Should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me at one of the locations below . Regards ,
Regarding your revisions to the GISB my thoughts are as follows: Section 1: Agreed with the deletion of "all" in the first sentence . Section 7: Agreed Section 8: Agreed Section 13.1: Agreed Section 13: Disagree Section 13.9: Disagree Section 13.10: Agreed . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Regards ,
Here is the page for Enron Wind . Hope this helps and good luck .
Thanks Monday is good for me .
Sarai , Further to our conversation below is suggested language for Section 8.2 . 8.2 . Transfer . This Agreement , including , without limitation , each indemnification , shall inure to and bind the permitted successors and assigns of the Parties; provided , neither Party shall transfer this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other Party which may be withheld entirely at the option of such Party; provided further , either Party may , without the consent of the other Party ( and without relieving itself from liability hereunder) , ( i ) transfer , sell , pledge , encumber or assign this Agreement or the accounts , revenues or proceeds hereof in connection with any financing or other financial arrangements , ( ii ) transfer or assign this Agreement to any Affiliate by assignment , merger or otherwise , or ( iii ) transfer or assign this Agreement to any person or entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the assets of such Party . Any Party's transfer in violation of this Section 8.2 shall be void . Finally , with regards to Section 4.2 , we will agree to the use of "occurrence" in ( vii ) however , we will not agree to the "borrowed money" in section ( ix) . Please let me have your thoughts regarding these issues . Best regards ,
Brennan's or Daminan's is fine . Ellen has not been to either restaurant these are ok with her . Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Rhonda , thanks for your call . Here is the GISB draft . Regards ,
Attached is the resume for Ms . Granado
Here are the numbers re my voice mail . Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Many thanks for your help . I have called Ellen .
Thanks again , I explained to Dan the situation he sort of laughed after I told him you would take lunch . I always say in these cases quoting a famous women , "after all tomorrow is another day."
Tyrone , Sorry to hear you are having problems . I do not have a problem opening the document . I will send same again . Regards ,
Pat , Attached is a draft of the GISB between ENA and Sequent Energy . As requested , I have included in the Special Provisions found on the last page , an addition to Section 7 a provision for netting . Regarding the date , how were the previous transactions papered you wish to be a part of this GISB ? Are there in current active transactions ? Finally , if in agreement with this draft please complete Sequent's administrative portion and remove "Draft" from the heading and we can discuss your reasons for the date change . Regards ,
In response to your collective e-mails regading the GISB , below are my comments regarding Dynegy's Special Provisions . Section 1.3 Agreed Section 2.6 Agreed Section 4.1 Disagree Section 5 Disagree Section 6 Disagree Section 7.5 Agreed Section 8.2 Agreed Section 13 Agreed The provisions agreed to above are to be included with Enron's Special Provisions . Please give me a call at your convenience to discuss any questions you may have regarding these matters . Best regards ,
please see below financial info received from aquila .
Theresa please take a look at the attached confirm and let me know if it is OK . I will forward it to the customer . As I need to attach an exhibit to the confirm I will need to fax it . Do you have a fax # ? Thanks ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Lets go NOW! !
Yes , I will be there .
Where ?
Are we still on for lunch ?
Alas no ! 
As I do not draft these , please contact Susan Bailey @ 34737 or Stephanie
Re: Clarksdale see below .
Clarence , Attached is the final version of the GISB for your execution . I have incorporated changes as discussed with your counsel . If in agreement , with these revisions , please print two originals sign , and forward both to my attention for final signature . I will return an original for you records . Should you have any additional comments and or questions , please do not hesitate to give me a call . Best regards ,
I am sorry for the delay however , my comments are with my attorney . I will try to get back with you this week . Regards ,
Please contact Veronica Espinoza @ 713-646-6002 .
I went to the Professional Bull Riders competition in big Angelton Sat . night , didn't see you there! ! Some great horses .
Carey , Which contract is this Guaranty to cover ? And is it to be for physical gas only ? Sorry for the wrong number . The correct number is below . Regards ,
Thanks again for taking us to lunch . We should do these things more often .
Thanks again for taking us to lunch . We should do these things more often .
Thanks again for taking us to lunch yesterday . We should do these things more often .
I have not had a response from HR re my employee referral . Can you help me ? Thanks
When is the starting date and is it for 1 month ?
Barbara , These changes are fine . Please have two executed originals sent to my attention for signature . Thanks for your assistance . Regards ,
Attached is a draft of our Master Agreement for your review . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss . Regards ,
Tammi here is the draft that was sent to Sandra Haskins in Feb of this year .
Tammi here is a draft of the Master for Carolina Power & Light previously sent to Sandra in Feb of this year .
Tammi here is the Master Draft sent to Sandra in February .
Further to our conversation , attached is an Amendment to the existing GISB concerning confirming party . Please print two and sign if in agreement and forward to my attention at the location below . I will provide you with an original for your records . Regards ,
Further to our conversation , as requested please see the attached . Regards ,
They have been drafted but await attorney approval before being sent to the counterparty . I will forward copy upon execution .
Our new law clerk' s schedule .
Surprise surprise our law clerk from UH . I think he will only be here for a few summer months . Gerald Nemec introduced me to him . He , Majed , will also be working with the swap group . That's all I know . Except that he is a vast improvement from the prior .
So are you going to have the M&M's / popcorn/ cokes ?
I await a return call from customer message I left with same yesterday .
Thanks , do you have an estimate re volumes ?
Here are the drafts of the agreement and confirm for your review .
who is the trader ?
can we do a conference call Wed morning ?
Here are samples of the contracts I use for gas transactions . Please note these are confidential and attorney work product not to be shared outside the office .
Deb , Thank you for your e-mail regarding the guaranty . This form of guaranty appears to be fine however , Enron North America Corp . needs to be incorporated as well as references to physical gas transactions . Please let me know if you have any additional questions . Regards ,
Please see attached
Thank you for your e-mail regarding the agreement . I am in the process of reviewing the agreement and apologize for the delay . I would like to incorporate my comments into your redline version , could you please send same . Many thanks for your assistance . I anticipate a return to you next week . Best regards ,
This sounds good . I would like to receive the gty in draft form with the changes before execution for one last review . Many thanks Regards ,
Reliant has sent me the draft and is in my files under Reliant Redline ( Canada )
Kathy , Here is the redline with changes previously discussed to Sections 4.2 , 4.6 , and the Material Adverse Change in the Appendix . I believe we are set for a conference call on Wednesday afternoon . Best regards ,
Kim here is the draft for EL Paso . Can you e-mail this to the customer ?
Thanks for your e-mail . I am trying to set up a time however , several people are out today . I will be in touch . Best regards ,
If they can provide me with a city resolution which states they , being city manager or whom ever has authority to bind for the muni we will accept that . Hope this helps .
Did you send the fax ? I do not have it ?
Please see below .
How about 11:00 on Tuesday ?  I have placed this on my counsel's calendar .
That is fine . My attorney is Jeff Hodge , his number is 713-853-6911 . Of course all is subject to change as we know . I will keep you apprised . Thanks for your help .
Have you decided about Dukes requested changes to the credit terms!!!!!!!! ! Please let me know asap .
YEs
My understanding is this has been done .
Please visit with credit regarding the ok to trade with this company . And let me know .  Thanks
Re Alcoa , currently in contract discussions .
Do you have an address to send Harley's copy of the agreement back to ?
Yes , I can help you and I would like to have a letter regarding changes . Thanks !
Here is Harley's address .
Thanks , but for some reason it will not let me edit this version . Can we try again . Thanks !
My RSVP for June Lunch . Thanks
Great , I need to go to Chase can we eat at Ninfas ?
I have review the attached gty from Engage and will make some legal changes . Is the amount of the gty ok with you ?
Please see below regarding Reliant's comments .
I have prepared a draft for enovate and CPS from Rudwell Johnson's credit sheet dated 6/1 . I also have CPS's redline comments to your discussion with Randy which is Jeff's draft , and I have CPS's redline comments to a draft I have not discussed any of the above with the counterparty .
Sorry to hear of it . Later
Please see below CPS's request to terminate old agreement under CES .
Because of the synonymous negotiations of agreements with enovate and ENA , Stacy Dickson will we negotiating for ENA and enovate . Therefore , please send any questions and or issues regarding these to her attention , I have given her your redline and comments . One final issue concerns the GISB . Do you want to proceed with this agreement . If so , I will negotiate this one with you . Please let me have your thoughts regarding same . Best regards ,
This is fine however , please keep in mind our masters cannot be used for interruptible transactions .
The GISB with Constellation is at an impasse regarding UCC issues we cannot agree to . So we do not have a vehicle for interruptible deals . I will keep you advised .
Please see attached revised "MAC" concerning Net Worth ratio per credit's request to change ratio in the Master .
Please forward our ENA GISB draft and the SAMPLE Master to Brad Dixson with short transmittal letter . @ bdixson@kgas.com . The company is Kansas Gas . Please bcc: Bryant Fryhart / me . Thanks
I did not draft the ISDA . Some one in the Financial Group should be notified . The master I sent yesterday has been changed regarding "150%" I will attach it again . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance .
So sorry for the confusion . Please disregard the previous e-mail . The attached has been changed regarding "name" and "150%" .
It is going out today .
Suggest our GISB and e-mail her our GISB for review . Thanks
Please follow up with a request to credit for a worksheet . To Russell Diamond , Veronica Espinoza in Enron credit . Thanks
His name is Frihart . It this does not come up , try Ex 3-6161 . Thanks
Jennifer I have completed my review of your SP's if you would like to call me a your convenience we can discuss same depending on the arbitration issue . Best regards ,
Gloria , Here is the redline with changes as discussed . Please give me a call upon your review . Best regards ,
I am drafting the Agreement and Confirmation for this customer . Would you fax me the term sheet for the March to April transaction . Thanks
Carla , As requested , please see the attached Sample of our Master Agreement . Best regards ,
How bad is it there ? Should I stay here ?
Do you know if 288 is closed anywhere ?
Would you please get me a copy of the following: 96003633 Texaco Natural Gas Inc . / ENA If I could get this by Monday afternoon would be great . Many thanks !
Do I need to delete items out of "Sent" , Discussion Threads" as well as "Trash" and "New Mail" ? ???????????? ?
PLEASE SEND AGAIN WITH ATTACHMENT , THANKS
Gloria , This is the agreement in final as previously sent with the exception of the state of incorporation for Greene in the first paragraph . Please fill in or write the State name . If you are ready to execute , print two originals sign and send to my attention to the address below . I will forward a fully executed agreement for your records . Finally , should you have any questions , I will be away from the office tomorrow and return Monday . Best regards ,
I previously made reservations and will pay at the door . Thanks
Kim , Attached is a draft of the Master Firm Purchase /Sale Agreement for Turlock . I trust you will e-mail same to your customer . If not , please give me a name and phone number and I will forward the agreement .
Please review the attached .
I believe he spells his name "Frihart"
Thanks for your e-mail , I will be out of the office for next week , I will get my attorney to review this final revision upon my return and we can close . thanks
I will be out of the office until July 11th . Should you need assistance please contact one of the following: Jeff Hodge Stacy Dickson Gerald Nemec
I have no exceptions other than vacation , thanks!!!!!!!! !
Welcome aboard , I will try to meet with you later this afternoon . Thanks!!!!!!!!!1
I was away June 29th and July 1-10 .
Hello Paramy , I have sent vis messenger just now the executed agreement . Thanks for all your help with this agreement . I would like to visit with you next week .
I hope to be out from under the pile by early next week say Monday or Tuesday ?
Yes , the agreement was under ENA . The confirmation / contracts are on Stacy's desk for signature . The customer signed the contract/confirm with ENA !  ! I question if this is really suppose to be ENA Upstream ? This deal was done with John Singer? ? Can you speak with these guys ? Let me know as the contract and confrim has been signed .
You know I had to look at this twice to figure out who it was . You never know , it could be another bad egg searching for me . How is aep ? Lets do lunch!!! !
I look forward to it! !
We have executed documents from the customer both a contract and confrim . They will be fully exeucted by ENA and returned to the customer as such . Confirmations regarding this contract must be confirmed under this agreement in the name of ENA . We will not undo this agreement .
We need a written letter from the previous agent regarding transfer to new agent as well as a written document from the new agent consenting to same . In addition , the contract party should consent and acknowledge this transfer in written form .
the worksheet was not attached .
Oh no , so sorry , yes send the doc back to me . I will have it signed and return asap . Thanks
Its a mystery
Thanks for the birthday wishes . Its hot here but not as hot as your town . Well , your age does not make me feel any better!!! ! Think about NM , I am going to call about some air fares . October would be great . I am enjoying our deb/mary bag!! ! Take care! !
Please let me know if you have any changes .
FYI , I have a partially executed Master for Empire on my desk . As they only exeucted one agreement , I await return of the second contract .
Please see below and advise .
Alan: Veronica Espinoza has made changes to Section 4.6 of the Master Agreement regarding thresholds and rounding as well as the Material Adverse section found in the definition section . I have attached a redlined version for your consideration . Please review the attached and let me have your thoughts regarding the enclosed . Regards ,
How is Gail ?
TXU has requested we replace a previous GISB with HPL now assigned to AEP . Because they are an intrastate pipeline they require a warranty from us that gas sold has been produced , transported and used only in Texas . As ENA is interstate this is problem . Please advise how you would like to proceed with this customer . Thanks !  !
I did not come out for nothing , I got to see the cattle , and you know I love being out there . Please let me know if there is anything I can do to help Garry or Gail .
Tanya here is the Master you requested .
Tomorrow it is . Thanks! !
Thank you for your e-mail . I have been away on vacation and apologize for the delay . I am drafting the agreement this afternoon and anticipate sending a draft via e-mail later today . Best regards , Debra
Thanks for your e-mail . We have converted to Outlook on our system would you send me the latest redline we have been discussing as I cannot retrieve it . Also you your changes to 8.2 did not show up if you could let me know your changes here I would appreciate it , and then I thing we are done . Regards , Debra
Steve , Attached is the draft for LG&E . I do not have a contact . Will you provided me with a name /E address . Please feel free to forward the draft to your customer . Thanks
No existing contracts with Boeing . Attached is a draft sent 6/01 .
Mr . Knight: At the request of Syliva Pollan , I am forwarding for your review the attached draft of a Master Gas Purchase/Sale Agreement between Enron North America Corp . and Metropolitan Utilities District . Upon your review , please give me a call with any questions and comments you may have regarding the enclosed . Regards ,
Please see below . Is there anything I can do to help with this ?
Florida Power Corp . was signed and in the system as of May 1 , 2001 . Florida Power and Light Company has not been signed . I started negotiations with Pam Erickson and await her response . However this has been several weeks ago .
A third Master draft has been sent to Williams . I received confirmation , the draft has been sent to a contract analyst . I have left a message , await their call .
We cannot enter into a contract with TXU as they require ENA to warrant gas sold is "intrastate" gas . For obvious reasons this is not possible . Please give me a call should you wish to discuss this further .
Gilbert: At the behest of Veronica Espinoza , I have prepared a draft of ENA's Master Firm Purchase/Sale agreement for your review . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss any issues you may have regarding the enclosed . Regards
Here is a draft of a Master Agreement requested on July 6th . I do not have any information for forwarding same to company or individual ?
I have been negotiating this agreement withthis counter party for greater than 6 months and we are close . Give me a call to discuss .
I am free next Tuesday ?
As requested , please see the attached form of guaranty for ENA's master gas agreement . Please do not hesitate to give me a call should you wish to discuss the enclosed . Regards ,
See below . Should I proceed with this ?
NO ! ! ! Thank God!!! !
Further to our discussion , please see the attached draft of ENA's GISB for your review . Upon your review should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to give me a call . Regards ,
I am not currently negotiating any deals with this counterparty . If the contract is with HPL , any issues they have should be directed to AEP . Also given your information regarding trade status , I would not consider entering into any type of contract with this company . Finally , I can offer you no info with regards to the "LLC" , The only company I am aware of is "Upstream Energy Services Company .
I know nothing about this agreement , and Jeff nor Gerald are currently working with this cp . Global Contracts does not indicate a Master in place . However , Stacy Dickson is out of the office today , she could be working with this cp .
Would you obtain an e-address for your customer and I will send the Master Draft today . Thanks !
the gisb is ok and is not scheduled to be terminated
Are you free for lunch some day this week ? Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat . you said you wanted to go ? The game is at 12:30 Sat @ Compaq Center . Would love for you to join us . I am bringing two of my girlfriends from LJ .
Stacey here is the Master draft we discussed . I am sending you a version with comments .
Today is good 12:30 ?  Cafeteria is fine .
ok call me
Dan did the work on Entex . His phone number is 832-668-1452 / eadd 'djhyvl@aep.com' .
Did you go to the dog show ?
At the behest of Bryant Frihart , I am forwarding the enclosed draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between Domtar Inc . and Enron North America Corp . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss and questions and or comments you may have regarding this matter . Regards ,
Reminder meeting with Jeff Hodge and myself today at 2:30 in Jeff's office 3878 . Please let me know if you cannot attend . Thanks
Well yes , I do miss you being here . Our new clerk is fine . How do like Fed Ct ? Gerald says we are having lunch one day next week .
I do not see the Hess file , but need to search further . Would please send me the e-mail I sent to ou re Hexel , Golden etc . Thanks .
Here are the most frequently used agreements for physical gas trades . I draft and negotiate both the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement as well as ENA's Spot Agreement and GISB . If you have any questions , I can explain the process including credits part . Finally , the Master Agreement was last revised in September of 1998 . These were minor revisions and I doubt you would ever have occasion to visit the 1998 form . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance .
I did not get to go because of time . How are your dogs ? My dogs need some socialization and I would like for them to meet your again sometime .
FYI , A fully exeucted Master has been put into the system .
Please see the attached Special Provision page to ENA's GISB with Force Majeure language . Give me a call if you have any questions .
Here is the amendment for Oneok if you would be so kind to send to them . Thanks! !
Yes both forms of gty are attached to the Master draft .
Regarding SJ , the Master Gas agreement as drafted and sent to the customer included a Gty to ENA for 7mm . As stated below , Darren has requested a Gty from SJ to ENA for 8mm that covers physical gas and financial trades . Have they sent us a gty or are your drafting one ? In any case please let me know . I need to revise my draft and secure a copy for use as an exhibit to my Master . Thanks
I have not been able to find contract # 96001003 in Livelink ? Can you help . I also need all amendments that go along with this agreement . Thanks
I am not playing the game this year , thanks anyway . Regarding the dogs , why don't you email someday that is good for you and we can meet . Tiz cannot take the heat and I will leave him behind , but Gen desperately needs to get out .
Thanks for your e-mail . Please give me a call at your convenience to discuss the agreement . Debra
Are you free today ? If so Treebs
Gail???????? ?
FYI , I have received Tiger Natural Gas's amendment .
Veronica I have sent Alan Griffin with Texican a redline version ( attached ) regarding Threshold changes , to which he does not agree . In addition , he is insisting language regarding LC's "On a Monthly basis" be retained . Please talk to him regarding credit issues and let me know . We did not discuss the MAC . These are the only issues remaining . Thanks for your help . AGL Energy Services , LLC as you know has become Sequent Energy Management , L.P . They are ready to sign our Master however , I need your input concerning the credit worksheet sent 4/01 . Do you want to change this ? If not , I will proceed with final negotiations . Thanks!!!!!!!!!! !
Select is ready to negotiate the attached agreement prepared in 11/2000 . Do you have any changes to the credit section ? Please advise .
The draft of the GAS Master was sent to Select in November of 2000 . As I am preparing to negotiate this do you want to change the credit terms ?
IT central.com then e request and follow instructions . If you have any problems call Stacey Richardson @ 30569 . Global Contracts is the database name .
Re Texex I have the worksheet and can send you customer a draft this morning . Do you have a email address ?
Thanks , one last item your undated worksheet has "see attachment" on Threshold but there is no attachment with the email ?
Mike , At the request of Sheetal Patel I am forwarding to you a Draft of ENA's Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for your consideration . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss and issues you may have regarding the enclosed . Regards ,
Thanks !  My Excel has a problem . I now have the thresholds .
Regarding the attached , please provide me with the name of a contact / phone # / email address . Thanks
Further to our conversation , please see the attached contract for execution . Please print two originals sign , and return same to my attention at the address below . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Upon final execution , I will forward an original for your records . As discussed I will notify credit so you may trade on Monday if necessary . Regards ,
Be advised I have a partially executed agreement for Twine . Please allow them to trade on Monday .
Daren requested the agreement it is a WMBE . See below
Are you going to N Mexico this year ? I will not give my number out over the net . So email
I will NOT give out my # . I have not been , hope to go this fall .
Gary .  Attached is the previously discussed GISB . If you are in agreement with this version , please print two documents for execution sign , and forward to me for final signature . Regards ,
Here is a draft of the revised Master for Select for your review . It has not been sent to the customer .
FYI , the amendment for M has been signed by all parties .
FYI , the amendment has been executed by both parties .
The name of the company is Atlanta Gas Light ? 
The name of the company is Atlanta Gas Light .
Here are the confirms as discussed this morning . I need language for "Contract Price" .
Yes , I am sorry it has been so long . The Gty is still in our corp . offices for execution . I will check on status tomorrow . Thanks for your email . Debra
I will give it outside work .
At the request of Jeff Hodge , please see the sample forms of ENA's physical gas Master Agreement and the GISB . Please give me a call if you have any questions regarding the attached .
Ann , please see the attached Amendment for Kinder . Thanks for your help in sending same to the customer .
Revised with language from the Master .
Concerning the above , please see the attached Confirm / GTC for each . Please give me a call if you have any questions .
Thanks for your call , yes the T letter is done and returned to Alagasco . There is one deal still under the agreement that will die in October .
Stacy is working with Constellation on a Master / GISB
The name of the two counter parties at issue are: PG&E Energy Trading , Canada Corp.(96021046 ) and PG&E Energy Trading / Gas Corp.(96013297 )
constellation Power Source
How about next Friday the 10th ?
thanks please remind me if you see i forget .
I am sending Twist out today .
NO
Please see below and forward a credit worksheet for WPS . Thanks .
Many Thanks ! ! !
We are ok with numbers 1 and 2 of your email with one change . We would like to place "Associated Costs" in the "Appendix" as a defined term . Let me know if this is acceptable and I will proceed with execution documents . I should let you know I am currently waiting on my credit dept . regarding any changes to the numbers in the credit sections . I hope to have an answer by tomorrow . Debra
Here is the revised amendment .
I spoke to Mr . Hoggard this morning regarding the CA for gas trading . He will be sending me their CA and information .
At your convenience , please give me a call to discuss . Thanks Debra
Whom is the trader on these deals ?
Would not a piece of peach cobbler be great NOW??????? ?
As you know , there are three long term deals with WPS extending into 2004 confirmed on GTC's . I am drafting a master . Can you give me the name/email/ etc . for a contact with WPS . Thanks
thanks! !
We did not go out due to heat . Maybe one evening at the end of the week ?
Yes I am sorry to say it is . I have left another message this morning regarding the gty . Thank you for your email and patience . I will keep you apprised of my progress . Debra
GOOD news I have the gty and will Fed X same to you today! ! Have you been on any more hikes ?
Please look at the MAC and let me know if you have any changes . "Material Adverse Change" means ( i ) with respect to Company , Enron Corp . shall have long-term debt unsupported by third party credit enhancement that is rated by Standard & Poor's Corporation below BBB- or ( ii ) with respect to Customer shall have any of the following occurring at any time ( a ) its Net Worth falls below $15,000,000 or ( b ) that ratio of its EBITDA to Interest Expense is less than 3 times Interest , or ( c ) its current ratio is less than 1.3 . Thanks
Thanks
Further to our conversation regarding long term deals extending into 2004 , please see the attached draft of a Master Agreement between Enron North America Corp . and WPS Energy Services , Inc . We would like to have the three transactions at issue confirmed under a Master . Please give me a call at your earliest convenience to discuss any questions you may have regarding this matter . Regards ,
Will do ! 
Here is the revised Threshold for NG which takes it back to the 5/7 worksheet . Please review and let me know if there are any additional changes .
Wait to send the agreement until credit gives the ok regarding credit language . Thanks
Sylvia , This version is ready for you customer to execute . Please have them print two originals , sign and return both to my attention . Also , the gty from NG to ENA should be signed . Thanks
Due to an appointment in the Medical Center I will arrive a little late tomorrow .
Mr . Nemec and I were wondering when you might make a time available for us in your impressive schedule for LUNCH ! !!!!!!!!!!!! ! Any day but Thursday next week is good for me . Take care , let us know .
Please review the attached GISB from Sigcorp and let me know what you think . This is the agency matter we briefly discussed yesterday .
We are in receipt of your GISB and will be reviewing same . Thanks .
In response to your inquiry regarding gas agreements with Enron we currently show no agreements with Tosco Refining Company . Regards ,
Please contact Christina Finelli @ 713-853-9714 .
Can you tell me whom the trader / or business person is for this company ? They are a sub of Tracebel . Thanks
FYI , I am sending this confirm to Kenoil today .
Mike Further to our conversation , enclosed is a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for signature . Please print two originals , sign and forward both to my attention at the location below . I will return an original for your records upon final execution . Should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to give me a call . Best regards ,
FYI , Texex has signed our Master and I will receive same in a few days .
How much fun!!!!!! ! If I were younger I would try technical climbing . It requires lots of upper body strength as you know . I envy you that sounds like great fun . Let me know when you do Longs Peak! !
I am sorry I do not .
Lets shoot for Tuesday next week ?
Sure let me know a time .
Please see the attached Master Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement for Pioneer Oil Company .
"Net Income" means consolidated gross revenues of Customer and other proper income credits , less all proper income charges , including taxes on income , all determined in accordance with GAAP .
I went to see the horse ! I like the color although I did not get a good look as someone was there and had him out with one of the mares . Have a Great Weekend ! ! !
Steve please forward the original e-mail , as there are no documents to open in this e-mail or have LG&E send the redline directly to me . The file was corrupted at some point . Thanks !
Please give me a call to discuss @ 713-853-7658 .
Ann please give me the date of the agreement . Many thanks! !
Are you free for lunch with Majed on Friday ?
Thanks ! !!! ! I will begin reviewing it today .
Wednesday is good . I will put you down .
Friday is good for lunch . 12:00 @ your choice .
As requested , please see the attached draft of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement previously sent .
Ann here is the Midcoast Amendment .
No but very nice stuff!! !
1/2 day on August 3rd and 1 1/2 for doctors appt . on August 9th .
Denver
Did not go out because of the heat and not feeling well . Would like togo one night this week .
Thanks
Do you have a email address or phone number for Continental ?
For Kennedy , the transactions that list "CIG Index" , are they Inside FERC ?
With regards to the Master Agreement , our respective credit departments will need to discuss credit terms . Our contact here is Veronica Espinoza @ 713-646-6002 . Upon receipt of information from our credit dept . a draft can be prepared . Concerning the GISB , I can negotiate this agreement when you are ready . Debra
Thanks , one last question for meter #933305 there are no volumes listed ?
Fine with me ! 
Please send a credit worksheet for Kentucky Utilities Company . My contact says LG&E / KUC purchase and sell as the same entity ?
Further to our conversation , with regards to the contracts , ENA prefers two separate agreements one for each enitity . For accounting and legal reasons two agreements are necessary . I will prepare a draft for Kentucky Utilities Company if you wish to move forward . Let me have your thoughts regarding this issue . Regards ,
It is me , thanks .
How about Friday ?
Please discuss this with Steve .
Please feel free to attend .
See you Friday!! !
At Ed's request I sent him Select's draft for review on 7/30 . He requested the agreement not be sent prior to his review , I await instruction . Concerning South Jersey , I sent the draft to you on 7/25 to be sent to the customer from which I have had no communication . Also , I am waiting on the gty .
Can you help with restoring the AEP employee directories to the legal file ? There are drafts of agreements currently being negotiated that are needed . Thanks
I have found the names in the directory under "HPL" . Thanks for your assistance .
FYI I am leaving at 3:00 today! !
FYI , HPL employees directories previously under "AEP employee" files have been renamed and can be found in "Legal" under "HPL"
Congrats!! ! What a relief ! !!!!!!!! !
Janie Kelly wishes for me to tell you the ISDAs are in the legal dept .
I see why you do not kiss him .
I inadvertently sent a draft without Section 4.7 . Please see the attached and disregard the previous . Regards ,
I inadvertently sent a draft a draft with Section 4.7 . Please see the attached and disregard the previous . Regards ,
Thanks again for lunch Friday !
Do you have an address / contact for these customers ? I have the August confirms ready to send .
The second draft is correct . Section 4.7 should be in the agreement . Sorry for the confusion .
The following amendments have been signed and sent to contract administration: Occidental Idacorp is with Stacy . Thanks !
These amendments have already been sent to PG&E .
Who drafted this agreement ?
Thanks !
Great !
I am sorry , who drafted the amendment ?
Further to our conversation , please see attached August Confirmations for Public Service Company of Colorado and Cheyenne Light , Power , Fuel & Power Company . If in agreement , please sign and return to my attention at the location below . Should there be discrepancy please advise as soon as possible . Upon final execution I will forward an original for your records . Regards ,
I am attaching a revised form of the previous ENA Upstream GISB . Please send this version to your prospective customers . The FM language in the Special Provisions section has been removed . Also , "DRAFT" and "For Discussion Purposes Only" should remain on the front page when sent to the customer . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks
I am working on it now . I anticipate a draft will be ready no later than 12:30 .
Please see the following regarding the Hess GISB .
They had peach cobbler today!! ! Did you get any ? I could not resist .
I will arrive late Wed morning due to a visit to the Medical Center .
Patrice attached is a draft of a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement for Kaztex Energy Management . Please give me a call if I can be of further assistance .
I am sending by messenger as requested , two terminated Gas Sale Agreements for LCRA . Please let me know if I may be of further assistance .
It is finished , I just need an attorney to review it . It should be ready in the morning .
Ok , Alisha and I will work on it and advise .
Please add to your spread sheet .
Please add to spread sheet .
Judy the GISB is not attached to this email . Please resend .
FYI , I have fully executed amendment for Idacorp / Kinder Morgan . However , Kinder Morgan as you know is a fax document . I will send these to Stacey Richardson but will not return same ( Kinder ) to the customer until we receive their original signed doc .
Here is the Master for your customer . Please note and relate to your customer credit changes in 4.6 and 4.4 . Offset language in 4.4 has been expanded . If in agreement , instruct them to print two originals sign and forward same to me for final signature . Let me know if you need anything else .
I have add set off language beginning with ( A ) after the word there form . We have changed the Master to included this new language . Let me know if this is a problem for NG . We want this language included as an additional remedy in case of default .
Please change the payment information in the letter to the following: Enron North America Corp . With these changes you are go to trade . Debra
Please take a look at this / we can discuss .
I am in the process of reviewing their comments . We have at issue one agreement or two . LG&E has purposed one agreement for both LG&E and Kentucky Utilities Company . For legal and credit reasons this is not doable . I await their response on this issue . Lora Aria has asked me to proceed with my review process setting aside the issue of party names and I am doing so .
When you have finalized your agreement with TXU , please fax the fully executed letter to Daren Vanek . Thanks !
Thanks !
Here is the Mieco amendment . thanks for you help ! ! !
Reminder to please send credit worksheets for Cheynne Public Service Colorado / Public Service Company of Colorado . Thanks
Thanks! !
Thanks ! ! !
Due to a doctor's appt . I will arrive late on Monday .
Thanks Anthony , please add Gerald Nemec to your distribution .
I am confused about IGI regarding a GISB draft and an amendment ? Which one is it ? If we need to amend an existing agreement would you send me the date of the contract etc . With regards to BTA , I need a contact name address/ email etc . Do you know whom this might be ? Many thanks !
Kathy attached is a revised amendment concerning "counterparty" . If you have not revised and executed the amendment , please have the attached signed . As you know , PG&E is defined as "Company" in Section 2.4 . Please send the executed amendments to my attention at the address below and upon ENA's signature I will forward an original for your records . Regards ,
Thanks for the e-mail . Due the number of agreements between our respective companies , would you please fax me the front page of the other agreements you wish to amend . My fax number is listed below . Debra
Mary , Attached is a draft of a Spot Agreement for your consideration . Please give me a call with any questions and or issues you may have regarding the attached . Regards ,
I sent your request to Maire Heard in the Financial Group as we do not prepare ISDAs .
Jeff said we can use the gty you referenced . We , legal should review it after the counterparty has completed same . Let me know if you have any other questions .
Is this gty for long term business ? Do you anticipate a master with this company ?
Further to our conversation , please see my address below .
This is the redline version . Veronica please review the change to days and language in section 11 ( b) . They are ready to sign , please get back to me asap .
Please contact Neil Brandenmark @ 403-297-9885 re the 1mm threshold amount . Thanks
Please give me a call to discuss , as I did not receive the contract . Regards , Debra
I need help finding contract # 96066288 a GISB . It is in Global but not livelink ? I need a copy if you locate it . Thanks !
Please give me a call at your convenience to discuss .
Steve here is a master with muni language . I would direct you to Article 2 , 8.6 , Representations and Warranties , and finally the form of opinion on the last page . Hope this helps .
I have a fully executed Amendment to return to the customer . Can you give me the name / add of your contact . Thanks! !
I have you down for lunch ? Are we still on for today ?
Thanks ! 
What about their gty ?
Many Thanks!!!! !
Future confirms for GG should be in the name of Gulf Oil & Gas Company . I have notified contract adm and global contracts .
This is my entire agreement . Go to the Appendix ( after pg 6 ) look under Material Adverse Change . There are several to select from . Let me know if you have any questions .
I have reviewed the gty and have given same to Stacy for her ok .
Further to our conversation , attached is a redline draft of the Master Agreement . Also , I am in receipt of your fax regarding jurisdiction and will review same . At your convenience , please give me a call to discuss the attached . Regards ,
"When you pass through the deep waters , I will be with you; your troubles will not overwhelm you . When you pass through fire , you will not be burned; the hard trials that come will not hurt you . For I am the Lord your God." Is.43.2
FYI , I have started negotiations with LG&E , however they have not resolved the issue of party name(s ) on their part . I will keep you apprised of my progress .
I am sorry I have to cancel for today , I did not remember an appointment with my financial advisor . Can we do lunch tomorrow ?
Further to our conversation , please see the attached sample GISB for your consideration . Upon your review , please give me a call to discuss same . Regards ,
Can you prepare these ?
Please begin this confirm and Stacy will finsh with credit language . Thanks !
Which one the Kennedy's is WIC ?
Great! !
Yes I did . Muchas Garcias !  !
I am unable to find this agreement in Livelink ( 96003804 ) Global lists it as active . Can you help me . Thanks !
The following agreements ( GISBS ) have been executed: Sequent Energy BP Energy
Here is the Amendment to send to Adams . Many thanks !
Here it is . Let me know if you have any questions .
Regarding the gty you inquired about . I have not been successful in my search for same . Nevertheless Enron Corp . is acting as guarantor for ECT only . Enron Canada is not covered under this gty . Please let me know if I can be of further assistance .
At the request of Gerald Gilbert , I am forwarding for your consideration a draft of a GISB between Enron North America Corp . and TECO Power Services . Upon your review , please give me a call with your questions and or comments . Regards ,
Good morning , did you go to the farm this weekend ? How are the horses etc . Are you teaching this semester ?
Veronica please add Gerald Nemec to your distribution . Thanks !  !
Dave , as discussed attached is a revised GISB for your execution . Please print two originals sign and return same to my attention at the address listed below . Should you have any additional questions , please do not hesitate to give me a call . Upon final signature , I will forward an original for your records . Regards ,
The agreement may be dated August or September . September is fine with me . Thanks
Friday is good !
Do you have this contract in your office . If so , would you send me a copy . Thanks !
Theresa attached are renegotiation letters as discussed . Please note I did not find an address for Coleman in our files . Also , I have not prepared letters for Howell Petroleum and North Central Oil Corporation .
Please disregard my previous email concerning Howell . Thanks
Yes I am afraid I am going to the same affair . Sure we can go early .
Ellen attached are Confirms for September .
Based on our conversation this morning , attached is a draft reflecting revisions as discussed . Debra
Here it is .
have you heard from your sister ? is she ok ?
Yes , please sign the Amendment and return same to Enron . Thanks !
Please work on this . Thanks !
Here is the amendment for Aspect . Please add the Meter No . to Schedule I for the new well . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Judy attached is the Aspect Amendment as discussed . The first paragraph has been revised to reflect the assignment to ENA . Article 2 . now states term dates . Concerning Articles 3.1 and 3.3 , Gerald would not agree to "one sentence" . Finally , I included a provision regarding changes to working interest ( see # 9) , and incorporated meter number on Schedule I . Please let me know if you have any other questions and or changes .
Great to hear from you ! You have been in my thoughts . Any day other than Tuesday this week is fine with me . Let me know .
Tomorrow is good . I will plan on it @ 12:00 .
Regarding my phone message , attached is a redline reflecting Greeley's comments to the credit sections . Please let me have your thoughts .
Please reserve Thursdays meeting for 2-300pm and email the following re location Stacey Richardson Judy Thorne Thanks
Thanks
I am fine with your changes to the Amendment . Please execute two originals and forward same to my attention for final signatures . Many thanks , Debra
Attached is a draft of as Master Agreement between Giant Industries Inc . and ENA . Should you have any questions please give me a call .
Ann attached are amendments for Avista / Phibro . Please forward same to your contacts . Many thanks! !
NO
Please call me .
Attached is a Sample Enfolio for your customers review .
Gerald wanted me to make sure the letters for renegotiation have been sent to the customers so we meet the time requirements . Please advise . Thanks !
Here is the Kennedy letter . Sorry for the oversight .
Meeting tomorrow @1:30 Room EB 38C2 .
As requested , please see the attached draft of ENA's GISB . Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions you have regarding the attached . Regards ,
no thanks
Thanks for your e-mail . I will make changes as noted . However , I am confused with regards to your corrections to Exhibit "D" as the draft does not include Exhibit "D" . Debra
Please disregard my previous email and my oversight concerning Exhibit "D" . I will make the revisions as noted an send the agreement to you for execution, . Many thanks , Debra
Gas Daily Platts , a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies , or successor to the geographic location closest in proximity to the Delivery Point(s ) for the relevant gas day .
They are ready to sign the attached however , the thresholds and guaranty amounts have been changed several times . Please advise .
Here is the draft which I believe has been sent to Alan Bransgrove at NSP .
Patrice here are the two guarantees as discussed . I have redlined the changes for your customer to review . Please give me a call if you have any questions .
Ann attached is an amendment for Dominion Transmission , Inc . Please send to your contact . Thanks !
Ann please resend the attached to your contact at Avista . The document as executed is missing "Section 2.5 Confirming Party" . Thanks !
Will Do ! 
Attached is ENA's form of gty for Cilcorp Inc .
Robin , I have redlined changes to Thresholds in section 11 . Please review and let me know . Thanks !  !
Here is the amendment for the above . Please forward to your contact . Thanks ! 
Veronica , Duke has agreed to 5mm for their threshold I have sent a redline for their review . Thanks !
call me
I can agree to 7 business day with a revision to the purposed language int eh second line to read as follows , " . . . Guarantor shall to apy the Obligations with 7 business days . ...." Let me know if this goes ?
Kim , here is your draft for Noresco . Call me if you have any questions . I realize the name is wrong on the file I will change this , it is correct in the contract .
This is fine , but keep in mind we only use the GISB for 30 days firm and can use it indefinitely for interruptible . Let me know and I will draft a GISB for your customer .
I have plans for tomorrow , how about Friday ?
Great we will buy Chicos out!!!!!!!!! !
Great!!!! !
The Contract Price shall be the "Index Price" published in Inside F.E.R.C.'s Gas Market Report for __________________ as listed in the table entitled _______________ Delivered to Pipelines" in the first-of-the-month issue of such publication for each Month during the Period of Delivery less _______ per MMBtu and less applicable gathering and/or processing charges . The Contract Price shall be the "Index Price" published in "Gas Daily" ( Platts , a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies ) or successor publication , in the column "Daily Price Survey" under the listing________ as published for each Gas Day .
Currently we have a GISB in place with Nicor Enerchange as of 1/1/00 . Attached is a draft of a Master Agreement prepared in March of this year for Sylvia . I believe she sent the draft to the customer ?
Attached is a Master draft for the above . I do not have an address or contact for your customer ? Will you forward the draft ?
Tractebel has decided to move forward with a Master . I have a draft prepared from a credit worksheet dated 9/11/00 . Please advise of any changes to the credit sections . As they are in the "mood" , I would very much like to proceed ASAP . Thanks .
To update you , we have reached an agreement with MUD . I will be sending execution documents this week .
I left a message with Ms . Vangie to call you or me .
Do you have addresses for Gas Marketing Inc. , Adams Resources Marketing , Ltd. , MIECO Inc. , and Brooklyn Union Gas Gas dba Keyspan Utility in order to return their executed amendments . Thanks !
Gerald has requested I send you the following agreement forms for Pure Energy . Please give me a call if you have any questions .
Thanks Ann , I appreciate your help .
I have sent these to Jill .
This is fine with me . I will rush to get this completed .
In addition , we also need a letter or other documentation from you regarding the name change in order to update our systems . Thanks
713-646-3491 to my attention . Many thanks !
Kathy , attached is a redline from our previous discussion . The only remaining issue is Section 4.2 , please give me a call to discuss .
I do not see any problems with the assignment however , I want to look over the contract and the transactions before I give the ok because I do not see the contract in our system . Do you have a copy ?
Please forward originals to my attention ( see my add in email) . In addition , please remove "Draft" and "For Discussion Purposes Only" from the agreements . Send two signed originals and I will forward one fully executed contract for your records . Many thanks for your assistance in this matter . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Debra
I am sending you the new Guaranty from SJ to ENA . SJ has requested we return their original gty for $5MM which expires 11/30 now replaced by the new one . I will be happy to send them the old gty if you will send same to me .
Please forward Ellen's dog pictures .
no name yet , yes it is a golden my mistake
As discussed , please see the attached .
Thanks , If they agree to our Master we should be able to wrap this up by Monday I hope! ! I will keep you informed .
Don't I also need to prepare a confirmation ?
Thanks for your email . The Assignment looks fine . Regarding Exhibits "C" and "D" , I have copies of executed parental guaranties for both parties and will fax same to you . Many thanks for your help . Have a great weekend . Debra
Stacey please place contract # 96000781 on no trade status ( Interruptible Gas Purchase Agreement dated February 1 , 1994) . As you may recall we will be assigning the remaining transaction ( dated 11/30/00 Trans . No . QA0516.1 / 487737 ) to ENA Upstream . I plan on putting an new agreement in place to replace the above . Thanks ! ! !
Robin , Here is the redline version including FM revisions . We cannot agree to the sentence in section 14.4 beginning "In addition....." as we will not pay demand charges . Also with regard to days to cure default , sections 9.4 / 10.3 as discussed . We would agree to 4 days ? Please review the attached and let me have your thoughts . Debra
Here is the old redline version as well as the clean for execution . If in agreement , please have your customer print two originals , sign and return same to my attention . Also , with regards to Exhibit "A" have NG complete info re payments , invoices etc . Thanks !
Please look at the attached redline from Greeley regarding the credit sections . As you may recall a previous discussion regarding the exact name for the contract , the contract will be in the name of Atoms Energy Corp . Please let me know asap . Thanks
So is the barn up yet ?
Sarai , at the risk of my head , I will agree to "Seller" as confirming party . So pending netting language we are good to go . Debra
We are in agreement . I am finishing a few revisions now and will send you / mud execution docs in a few minutes .
Attached is the final for MUD and ready for execution . Please review and let me know if you have any changes before I forward same to MUD .
I am very hungry can we go at 12:15 ?
Attached is a draft of the Master for CIMA Energy LLC . Please provided me with the email address or physical address for the contact on your credit sheet . Mountaineer Gas has been sent to customer by S . Dickson Giant Industries was sent to G . Gilbert for delivery to customer . El Paso Company draft was been sent .
Here is the draft . Prior to sending to customer , Jay please look at the MAC language and advise is it needs to be reworded . Also , is this a political sub-division ? If so , I will need to add a provision for same .
That works for me . Thanks ! 
Here is the contract , I am still working on the confirm . Do you want me to send the contract/confirm to the customer or will you ?
Is this a yearly contract or month to month ? Do you want 30 day notice or 60 day for year contract ?
the contract form for these customers is attached and can be found in Stacy Dickson's directory under Appk's you only need to insert the company name on the front , signature , and info pages for each one . please save these in Stacy's directory . finally , some of these may need confirmations , if so I will show you how to do for these . open any of the contracts in Stacy's appks directory and look at one as an example . thanks ! 
reminder to please review credit sections as noted in my 10/1 email thanks veronica
Here is the confirm! !
Here is your confirm for your customer with pricing language as discussed . Should you have any questions , please contact Gerald Nemec .
There are no current contracts or transactions with this company in gas .
As an update , there is only one issue remaining concerning the agreement , that being Force Majeure . Also I am waiting on a revision to Dynegy's Guaranty for Nicor . I have left a message for Mr . Hunt and await his call . I think we are there just a few minor adjustments .
At Gerald's request , I am forwarding a Sample Master Agreement . As you may know , we currently have a GISB in place with Platte River .
Tell them to submit language they would like to see and I will review it . Have them email you and cc me .
Please send a credit worksheet for this entity to Alisha Mahabir . many thanks
Further to our discussion regarding Article 5 . Force Majeure , we will agree to the option to terminate the Transaction after the 60 day period provided damages if any as stated in Article 3 . have been paid plus the termination payment . Let me have your thoughts . Debra
We have an active Master Purchase/Sale Firm dated 10/1/97 . Do you want a copy ? Please let me know if you need anything else .
Here is the sample . Email this to your customer to review . They need to see our special provisions on the last page of the GISB . Have your contact call me to discuss the GISB when ready .
Should I assume we are purchasing 100% of production for the last 6 you have sent me ?
Thanks for your email . However I need to know about volumes . Is it 100% of production for these new contracts ? Thanks
Further to our conversation , please see the attached ENA GISB with Special Provisions on the last page . Please give me a call upon your review to discuss . Best regards ,
I will be leaving around 5:00 on Friday for a veterinary appointment .
will do
Please give me a call to discuss their confirmation .
Thanks for the card . You know tonight is dollar "B" night at Cafe Annice ?
This is fine go ahead and send it . Thanks! !
As requested , please see the attached letter document .
A draft as noted in your 9/27 email for forwarding to Enbridge .
The confirmation for the July -Oct transaction with Kenoil has not been signed . Mr . Flecher does not think he needs to sign this ? Are we purchasing gas ? I will resend the confirm to him for signature unless you tell me otherwise . Also , please remember to advise regarding volumes for the last agreements you sent . Thanks
Pam , As discussed , attached is a draft of a Master Firm Sales Agreement for your review . Please do not hesitate to give me a call to discuss any questions you may have regarding the enclosed .
Further to our conversation , below is language inadvertently excluded from the Master Agreement . Specifically concerning Section 4.1 ( page 2 ) and the Material Adverse Change found in the Appendix . Turning to page 2 of the Agreement , Article 4 Defaults and Remedies should include the following language beginning in the middle of the section after . ...."contract for each such Transaction and . ....(ii ) ( ii ) ascertaining the associated costs and attorneys' fees . To ascertain the market prices of a replacement contract the Notifying Party may consider , among other valuations , any or all of the settlement prices of NYMEX Gas futures contracts , quotations from leading dealers in Gas swap contracts and other bona fide third party offers , all adjusted for the length of the remaining term and the basis differential . All terminated Transactions shall be netted against each other . The Notifying Party shall give the Affected Party ( defined in Section 4.2 ) written notice of the amount of the Termination Payment , inclusive of a statement showing its determination . If a Termination Payment is owed to the Notifying Party , the Affected Party shall pay the Termination Payment to the Notifying Party within 10 Days of receipt of such notice . If a Termination Payment is owed to the Affected Party , the Notifying Party shall pay the Termination Payment to the Affected Party within 10 Days of Affected Party's receipt of such notice . At the time for payment of any amount due under this Article 4 , each Party shall pay to the other Party all additional amounts payable by it pursuant to this Agreement , but all such amounts shall be netted and aggregated with any.... . Termination Payment payable hereunder . If the Affected........ . Concerning the "Material Adverse Change" the following is included: - , or customer ceases to be owned or otherwise controlled by its current ultimate parent , "owned or otherwise controlled by" meaning the direct or indirect ownership of at least 51% of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of Customers having ordinary voting power." As more fully stated in the Amendment attached below . If you are in agreement with these changes we can execute the Master Agreement and proceed with the Amendment . Should you have questions concerning this matter or any part of the Agreement please do not hesitate to give me a call . I apologize for any confusion and thank you in advance for your cooperation . Regards ,
As discussed , attached is a Base Contract For Short-Term Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas . If in agreement , print two , execute same and return both to my attention at the address below .  Do not hesitate to give me a call should you have any questions or comments regarding the enclosed . Upon final signature , I will return an original for your records . Thanks for your assistance and cooperation in this matter . Best regards ,
Should NDR cease to operate , then delivery to the third party would stop .
Attached is the draft incorporating issues as agreed . You should also be aware of changes I have redlined to sections 4.2 , 4.6 , and the Material Adverse Change in the Appendix . These revisions concern credit terms . As the original draft in its inception was created for Enerchange Energy , L.L.C . the credit terms differ slightly from those for Nicor Energy , L.L.C . Finally , I await a response from Dynegy regarding the guaranty . Debra
I am waiting on revisions to the Dynegy Holdings , Inc . Gty . So if you can push on these folks it would be great . I have sent the final draft to Nicor Energy , LLC today for their review . The Nicor Gty is ok .
No they did not make our changes . AES is requesting a contract .
Please contact Ellen Wallumrod or Stacey Richardson .
Linda , Attached is a clean document for execution . If in agreement , please sign two originals and forward same to my attention for final signature . I will return a fully executed agreement for your records . Do not hesitate to give me a call should you have any questions regarding the enclosed . Best regards ,
Stacy and I will be discussing changes to the Master Agreement on Friday . Please send me an email and cc Jeff , and Stacy , requesting changes to Section 4.1,4.2 to delete "on a monthly basis" re the call for a letter of credit .
Here is the revised Confirm . Please review .
Please look at this and let me know . Thanks
In response to your inquiry regarding EOG , the correct name is EOG Resources and is not owned nor does Enron have any interests in EOG . EOG is a separate entity on its own . I am sorry I do not have additional information . Regards ,
Here is the revised version , please review and let me know if we need to amend further . Thanks
How about the others ?
The contract # is 96053471 .
Thanks !
4.5 . Termination Offset . Upon the designation or deemed designation of an Early Termination Date , the Notifying Party may , at its option and in its discretion , setoff , against any amounts Owed to the Affected Party by the Notifying Party or any Affiliate of the Notifying Party under this Agreement or under any other agreement(s) , instrument(s ) or undertaking(s) , any amounts Owed by the Affected Party to the Notifying Party or any of the Notifying Party's Affiliates under this Agreement or under any other agreement(s) , instrument(s ) or undertaking(s) . The obligations of the Affected Party and the Notifying Party under this Agreement in respect of such amounts shall be deemed satisfied and discharged to the extent of any such setoff exercised by the Notifying Party and/or the Notifying Party's Affiliates . The Notifying Party will give the Affected Party notice of any setoff effected under this section as soon as practicable after the setoff is effected provided that failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the setoff . For purposes of this Section 4.5 , "Owed" shall mean any amounts owed or otherwise accrued and payable ( regardless of whether such amounts have been or could be invoiced ) as of the Early Termination Date . Amounts subject to the setoff permitted in this Section 4.5 may be converted by the Notifying Party into any currency in which any obligation Owed is denominated at the rate of exchange at which the Notifying Party , acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith , would be able to purchase the relevant amount of the currency being converted . If an obligation is unascertained , the Notifying Party may in good faith estimate that obligation and setoff in respect of the estimate , subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained . Nothing in this Section 4.5 shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest except as may be provided under applicable law . This setoff provision shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of setoff , netting , off-set , combination of accounts , counterclaim , lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled ( whether by operation of law , contract or otherwise) . Each of the parties represent and acknowledge that the rights set forth in this Section 4.5 are an integral part of the agreement between the parties and that without such rights the parties would not be willing to enter into Transactions . The parties further acknowledge that each is executing this Agreement on behalf of itself as principal and , with respect to this Section 4.5 , as agent on behalf of its Affiliates , which Affiliates shall receive the benefits of this Section 4.5 and otherwise be bound as if such Affiliates had entered into this Agreement as its relates to Section 4.5 . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement , the Notifying Party shall not be required to pay to the Affected Party any amount under Section 4.5 until the Notifying Party receives confirmation satisfactory to it in its reasonable discretion ( which may include an opinion of its counsel ) that all other obligations of any kind whatsoever of the Affected Party to make any payments to the Notifying Party or any of its Affiliates under this Agreement or under any other agreement(s) , instrument(s ) or undertaking(s) , which are Owed as of the Early Termination Date have been fully and finally satisfied .
As requested , please see the attached GISB draft for TECO Energy Source , Inc .
Please review the attached and proceed .
I think I have sent this to you , please give me an update .
Here is a draft of the Master for Corn Products .
Thanks , do I need to do anything to my outlook ?
Please give me a call to discuss Nov transaction .
Reminder to return the contract to Partice after execution .
Can we make it for 1:30 ?
Regarding the guaranties , I am confused on the amount you want me to write for Corp . $30 or 20 ? Please let me know . Thanks !
thanks
Do you have an email address ?
Attached is a confirmation for Unimark LLC / ENA Upstream . Glad your back!! !
Please see below and respond asap . Thanks
Here is the link to the GISB , however trade has been terminated on this agreement as it was assigned last year to HPL prior to the sale . Alisha Mahabir and I are currently negotiating a new GISB with MGI with some difficulty . Also concerning PMI Trading , at present I show only swap agreements with this company . Marie Heard or Susan Bailey can assist you with swap agreements . Please give me a call if you wish to discuss this further . I have asked Alisha to give you a call regarding MGI .
Attached is the final redline for Duke they are ready to sign . Please take a quick look at the credit provisions to make sure all is ok . Thanks !
Please contact one of the following regarding power trading: Leslie Hansen @ 853-6121 or David Portz 853-9239 Fax number 713-646-3491
Thanks!! ! Please let me know about Greeley , Gerald is getting impatient . Thanks !
Jim , Attached is an Amendment to the GISB changing the confirming party to ENA . Please sign two originals and forward same to my attention for signature . I will forward and original upon final signature . You may also fax me a signed Amendment at the number below . Thank you for your assistance in this matter . Regards ,
The following Amendments have been fully executed: Laurens,The Energy Authority , and eprime . These amendments have been sent for signature:
The termination language is standard 30 day notice .
Are there any deals outstanding under this GISB # 96036522 ?
In response to your email here is the Amendment for Mitchell . Please forward to your contact . Regarding Avista , I have not received the amendment to date .
This is fine with me .
Here is the amendment . Thanks for your email! .
Richard please prepare the confirmation in you usual manner and forward to me I will add the credit language . Thanks !
Reminder to please forward a worksheet for this entity . Many thanks! !
Yes , please send the confirm
Barry Tycholiz has requested a Master Agreement for MGI Supply , Ltd , therefore please prepare and forward to my attention as soon as possible a credit worksheet for same . Thanks !
Robin , Attached is the final version of the Master Agreement . If in agreement , please have two originals signed and return same to my attention . Upon final execution , I will forward an original for your records . Do not hesitate to give me call should you have any additional questions or comments regarding the enclosed . Best regards ,
Regarding the GISB , issues remaining are Section 3.2 Performance Obl . and their Guaranty . We prefer Spot Standard for Section 3.2 however , they argue the Cilco city gate does not have a "Spot Market" .  If the city gate is their end user I will give on this point . Tammy is checking on this . The only other issue is their Guaranty to Enron . I have no problem with amending the gty or putting a new one in place . Having said that , I would prefer they draft the amendment . This of course is contingent on credits ok with the change in the gty amount . FYI , I will be out to the office tomorrow afternoon for meetings . If you need me leave a message with my assistant and I will call you back .
My contacts are: Tim Neuman ( credit dept. ) @ 918-573-4880 and Kelly Knowlton ( senior ng analyst ) @ 918-573-5278
Yes , we want the name on the contract to be Atoms Energy Corporation . Let me know if you want to make and changes to the numbers . Thanks !
Thanks Robin !  ! Have a great weekend . I look forward to further business dealings . Many thanks for all you help!! !
The paralegal lunch was well , lets just say ok . Yes work is busy busy especially with all the goings on around here . Cowboy has called but I was not at home . I hope you are feeling better each day . Give me a call .
Thank you ! 
Attached is a redline draft of the Master Firm Sales Agreement as discussed . Upon your review , please let me have your thoughts . Regards ,
I will arrive late tomorrow due to a doctors appointment .
Many thanks for your help . We are caught up for now .
Peach or not I want to go!! !
Attached is a draft of ENA GISB with Special Provisions . Please give me a call to discuss .
I will arrive late tomorrow due to a doc appt .
Attached is the final version of the Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for Aquila . Please let me know if you need anything else .
Would you send me a copy of the guaranty ?
Attached is their redline for Greeley Gas Company . I know we discussed putting the contract in the name of Atmos Energy Corp . Are you ok with their numbers??? ?
Please prepare . Thanks !
Please prepare . Thanks
Weekend was too short! ! Don't come back , stay out as long as you can!!! ! It is crazy . Good to hear you are doing well . No news re the men .
Here is the draft for Co-Steel . Please forward to your contact and have then contact me re negotiations . Thanks !
Regarding Sylvia's email of 11/1 , how is Wisconsin Power & Light related to Alliant , Heartland , and NG ?
Thanks Richard
Do you have an address/name for your contact with Dominion Transmission ? If so , please forward . Many thanks ! 
I would like to take the 16th throught the 26th of November .
Attached is a contract and confrimations for the above previously sent in November of 2000 along with confirmation for referenced trade . I will send the aforementioned again to Mr . Forrest .
can you check to see if we have sent confirms for 6 deals beginning in November thru 3/ 02 and 1 deal beginning 04/02 - 10/02 . Delivery is at Dawn . Please advise . thanks
According to our records we did not receive an executed agreement or confirm , so I am sending those out today via Federal Express w/ Fed X return to me .
given the current climate , do you still want to to exclude language in the Threshold Article giving either party the right to request an LC at any time ? as written , the LC can be requested 1x a month . please advise
In response to your email , here is the draft for Mirant . It has NOT been sent to Mirant .
Ann do you have an address and contact for Dominion ? I have an executed Amendment to send to them .
Ellen please fax this confirm to Jason Williams @ 713-853-9476 Tag # VA 6791 Satara # 798265 Thanks !
Thanks Ellen!! !
Please send me info regarding addresses / contacts for these amendments .
Please take a look at there changes to the numbers an let me know . Thanks
Whom ever is working on Aquila please give me a call asap . This entity wants to mirror the agreement signed with Aquila Energy Marketing save a change to the threshold to 5MM . Please call .
Here is a redline and clean version of requested changes by Atmos . If they are in agreement , print two originals have same signed and returned to my attention .
Thanks Ann!!!! !
Please give me a call re M .
Thanks , I am waiting on our credit dept .
Lisa these do not appear to be the right confirmations . Maybe we can meet Friday afternoon to discuss .
Further to my phone message , I need a copy of Enron's Gty to Aquila to attach as an exhibit to the master . Thanks !
The attached contract is ready for signature . Please print 2 documents and have Atmos execute both and return same to my attention . I will return an original for their records after ENA has signed . Or if you prefer , please provide me with the name / phone # / address of your customer and I will Fed X the Agreement .
I left a message regarding the GTC sent yesterday for this customer . As we have a signed Master now from them , please reconfirm under this Master . I have sent the Agreement to Stacey Richardson for handling .
Would you email me confirm # 1148026 . Thanks
Thanks
Attached is the additional confirm NG would like to move from Heartland . Are you ok with this ?
Thank you for your email of 12,November,01 . In response to your questions , yes I intend for the Exhibits to be as sent for Exhibits A and B . And second , I have amended the list to include as the last item Deal No . 1148026 of which is attached . Please sign two originals and return same to my attention for final execution . Many thanks , Debra
Many thanks for your assistance . Would you please send via Fed X overnight to my attention . Thanks !
As you may recall , I have your executed Agreement for ENA signature along with the Amendment to Section 4.1 and the Material Adverse Change . I await the Guaranty form Kaztex to ENA . Please advise at your earliest convenience how you would like to proceed . Regards ,
The contract is on Jeff's desk for his initials . I will bring it to you for vp signature when he returns it to me .
I have put you down for lunch on Wed .
Angela here is the draft of the Master for Aquila Dallas Marketing , L.P . Since this is a limited partnership , the general partner will sign on behalf of the partner . Please let me know the name of the proper entity . Finally , this draft mirrors the previous Master signed by Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation in all areas . Debra
Please see below . Gerald Nemec has advised the Agreements in questions have been sent to you for handling .
I have reviewed their comments and need to discuss several matters with them , we cannot agree to some of their revisions on such issues as Force Majeure and credit etc . Also , with regards to credit issues , the credit department will review and negotiate these . Please have Mr . Bransgrove give me a call .
Please see below comments from Northern States Power Company regarding credit sections and advise .
Have your received the original signed agreement from CSN ? Regarding Nicor , I have not had a response from those guys regarding the Masters . I have left a message with Jim Hunt regarding status but he has not responded to date .
Please see the attached draft for eprime . I will forward the draft for Willamette Industries tomorrow .
Attached is a draft of the Willamette Industries Master Agreement as requested .
Thanks for our email . At the present time , Ena is not putting new GISBs in place . However , we have a Enfolio Spot Agreement which will achieve the same purpose . Please see attached .
test
Congrats !  Words are inadequate to express my happiness for you . Do you need a legal assistant ?
Unrelated to your email , can you provide me with the name of the speaker from El Paso who spoke LNG . Many thanks! !
Vacation days for November 16th , 19th , 20-21 and 26th
test
test
Lunch today???? ? my phone number is 345-4593
Sounds good to me . Is 12 ok ?
I am so sorry , a lesson on communication . I called and left a message and waited by the elevators . Lets try for Thurs or Fri ?
Thursday is good!! !
No problem . Jim
Bob -- Before we do anything on this issue , I would suggest that we need to have developed a strategy on a number of issues ( primarily the proper reformation of the PX Credit calculation after Jan 18 and the application of the 1c/kwh surcharge) . On this issue , assuming that we haven't discuss the failure of SCE to apply our account's past credit with the CPUC ( given that the bills were just received) , I can't imagine that a federal court would look to favorably upon a legal action . In addition , we have not identified where the "credits" are if they are not on the customer's accounts . My recommendation is to first ( a ) work with SCE - have Jeff Dasovich run the traps and ( b ) discuss the issue with CPUC Division of Energy and see if there is a solution without Complaint . If this doesn't get us anywhere before August 19 , then it seems that to protect our interest we would need to file a complaint with the CPUC . I am not opposed to LeBouef looking into federal action , but that seems a bit dramatic without first trying to exhaust our adminstrative remedies . Please call me . Jim P.S . There is a meeting on the 1c/kwh surcharge with Janet Dietrich today at 1:30 in her office . I think you should attend .
I think the best person to provide the affidavits for the PX Credit receivable is Wanda Curry ( if we want to make this claim inside of the FERC proceeding - still an open question) . Jim
Jeff -- Seems to make sense to put out a "What's Up in Sacramento" to the whole business crew with likelihood of success . Best to come from you . Jim
Sarah -- We have the last draft . I was talking with Rick yesterday and I don't think that we want to publish it or use it publicly . It did it's primary job of validating that a non-gas model structure would not be harmful to Enron's interests . Give me a call . Jim
Yes , if by Aug 19 we don't have the strategy , we should file . But we need a comprehensive strategy before the end of the week . I hope to drive that to conclusion . Jim
As some of you may be aware , Dick's consulting arrangement with Enron ends later this fall . In an effort to make the transition as easy as possible , I would recommend that the following people work with Dick to transition on critical committees and tasks ( nothing is hardwired , so if we need to change people , let me know) . Dick will attend the upcoming WSCC EPITF meeting ( not sure of date , but think in the next two weeks) . My recommendation is that Steve Walton attend with Dick and become the lead . We may not get a voting seat after Dick leaves , but we should try and cover . Ray Alvarez should attend the WSCC Board Meeting on Aug 27 with Dick to pick up these responsibilities . Charles Yeung should pick up coverage for the FlowBased discussions . Dick will not attend the next meeting in Chicago that takes place on Aug 30 . Andy Rodriguez should pick up the Security Coordinator Subcommitte discussions that take place Sept 25 - 27 . Dick will not attend . I think that Charles , Ray , Dick and I should attend the NERC Stakeholders Mtg on Oct 15 - 16 . Finally , Dave Perrino should go with Dick to the next WSCC OCTPG meeting . Let me know if this transition plan works . Jim
Not sure if we can do anything . It's Paul's call . Jim
Don't we want the ISO to provide to whom the refunds are entitled ? Jim
Sue -- We should probably file something on this CPUC docket just ensuring that if these meters are put in place , ESPs have access on a timely basis to the data if they serve the customer DA . What do you think ? Maybe the Vinio could help ? Jim
Can we have a meeting on Friday at 9am this morning as an update ? Jim
Yes . Shapiro will also attend as I may need to be in Houston . Jim
Jeff -- Are you going ? The list looks pretty good . If not , we may need to have someone there . Jim
Can we talk at 9am your time - lots going on . Jim
Jeff & Sue -- We need to discuss at 9am your time ( as well as other things) . Jim
Thanks . Maybe we should have Nancy Hetrick simply put in a place holder . Jim
Call Greg Sharp .
Janel-- No one on my team is really qualified . Jim
RECEIVED
Nothing . I'll give him a call . Jim
Makes sense to me . Good luck . Let me know if you need anything . Jim
FYI
Cheers .
Guillermo - Can you please find the different prices ( coach vs . business ) so I can have a record ? Thanks , Jim
I approve . Jim Steffes
Aleck -- Will try and find . Not sure if the material is responsive . Read the article ( sending to others on TO list) . Maybe Ursula Brenner can help you pull a response together ? Jim
thanks for update . pls keep sending info .
FYI . Some info on the CA experience . Jim
Probably have to work through Kaufman for Seminar / Education cost . Jim
Agreed . Ray Alvarez is working with Fergus and Watkiss , etal to get this taken care of . Jim
Steve -- Alan is on vacation next week . Jeff is tied up . Bryan Gottfredson will be compiling this information . By the way , there may not be a listing of who ( meaning generators ) is owed how much - wasn't disclosed in the FERC Settlement . Jim
With Alan Comnes on vacation starting this week , the primary point person from Enron Govt Affairs will be Ray Alvarez in our DC office . Ray will be following up on this and other filings , etc . on this case . Jim Steffes
Lisa -- Please let me know what else I need to do . Jim
Steve -- FYI on the information your requested . Bryan is working to pull this together ASAP . What exactly is the deadline ? Jim
Bryan -- FYI . Not sure if you are going . Jim
If you want to talk about the KY issues , probably best to get with Janine Migden . Jim
Yes .
I can't - in a UNITED WAY event . Jim
FYI . The EES USA organization has been reorganized to centralize all sales teams under Jeremy Blachman . Scott Gahn's group stays unchanged . Harry , you and I may want to let people in the field know these changes ? Jim
Charles + Steve + Ray + Dave + Andy -- There have been a number of e-mails related to my initial request for a transition plan for Dick Ingersoll . By this e-mail , I am asking that Charles Yeung take the lead on ensuring a smooth transition and that all meetings are appropriately covered . Please coordinate as a team to work out the details . Charles please also consider that Jose Bestard will be returning at some point in the near future . Thanks , Jim
Howard -- I received a call from Jeff Brown who said that he had visited the NYPSC and NYISO to discuss load curtailment . He had placed a few calls into you and hadn't heard back . When you get back , please let me know where this stands . No big deal , but I want to understand what is going on with the load curtailment efforts . Jim
A few thoughts before the NG meeting -- 1 . Maybe we should ( as a team ) call Transelect ( Paul Buckman ) before our NG meeting . You may remember that Transelect sent an initial letter into Skilling to try and solicit our support for stopping the NG application to be managing member of the ARTO . I think that it would be good to call Buckman and ask if he has a better idea than NG . We are right now stuck between two very bad answers - let AEP and FE construct a managing member or have NG . Maybe Transelect has a better solution . 2 . Chief Issues with NG -- a . are they "really" independent ? having a short position in NY and owning generation in NE effectively makes NG into a "market participant" - I think that Enron should make as a hold firm position that to operate an RTO there can be no agreement with anything less than almost perfect independence . b . who do they feel the customer is ? maybe we want to get Paul Dawson's take on their business model from the UK . it is critical that the new RTO operators across the country view traders/marketers and generators as their key customers . what form of regulation for cost recovery of their operating expenses do they want - pass thru , PBR , etc. ? c . who writes the tariff ? I would make a strong argument that the problem with most of the RTO work to date has been that FERC has allowed the current incumbents to first write a bad tariff and then assign the provision of service under that tariff to someone who has very little ( if any ) control over future changes . the RTO operator must be free to make changes to the tariff with only two constraints - ( 1 ) must not restrict the ability to pay facility revenue reqts and ( 2 ) must not damage the assets . d . do they intend to build/own transmission and how does this impact the energy markets ? will their planning and construction processes impact any long term positions that EPMI may take in the energy market . how do they manage to allow other merchant transmission into the business ? e . how do they intend to provide balancing energy ? the flip side of our fight on congestion management involves the pricing of energy imbalances . what is NG intending to do on this issue ? does NG believe that multiple control areas makes sense for a single RTO ? does NG support unbalanced/uncovered schedules day-ahead ? Also , just to let people know , Kerry Stroup will also be working on the Midwest RTO efforts going forward . Please keep him included on the e-mails . Jim
Leslie - Can you coordinate with Jay Dudley at 503-464-8860 on how to change the filing ( if at all ) on PGE's pipeline issue ? PGE is willing to modify the filing to try and take out the language on Native Load . They are suggesting that maybe they should sign a contract for the full amount of the capacity ( about 170,000 mmcf/d ) rather than assume its right . The goal should be to have a final decision on next steps before next Friday , Aug 17 . Please call me with any questions . Thanks , Jim
Jeanne -- Not quite sure that I am getting the picture . Let me lay it out more directly . The PX Credit for October 2000 was $225 based on the actual market rates . Now FERC is saying that October 2000 hourly prices for CalPX DA and CalPX HA markets were "too high" in June 2001 . Can the CPUC change the PX Credit for October 2000 and make the Utilities recalculate our Negative CTC ? What is prospective ? Have they ever done this before ? Jim
YOUR BUDDY
Rick -- FYI . Becky heard Michelle Foss talk the other day . Was very aligned with our perspective . Maybe someone for FERC ? Jim
Susan - I put together a short write-up and would like to submit to HR for your mid-year . Because you've only been here a short time , most of the responses are To Be Determined . If you don't have any problems , please come by and sign . Thanks , Jim
Looks good . Please make sure that you submitted an RCR . If Ed wants more info of this type for other states , I'd like to make sure that we organize our efforts so we don't duplicate too much and deploy the proper resources . Thanks , Jim
I agree with Christi's point . The problem is that those arguments - effectively that real competition will take away market power - are no longer effective at FERC . I think that Massey and Wood are ready to do something more potent . My primary question is how do we think that Appendix A would apply to Enron ? Do we want Hirenymous ( sp? ) to undertake a proxy exam to see the real impact ? I am going to try and schedule a phone call for next Friday to outline our next steps . Should anyone else be in on the call ? Who else could lead this analysis for us ( given that we are all so busy) ? Jim
Linda -- Please arrange a phone call with Christi & Sarah Novosel to discuss market power for this upcoming Friday . Jim
I assume that we will discuss the entire process on the next NERC call ? Jim
Susan -- Please discuss with Ben ( you may want to call Barbara & Christi to see if anyone else has discussed already ) and relay importance of this to his future plans to me ? Key question is whether or not we need to be engaging directly with local governments . Jim
Nancy -- Please keep John & Charles in the loop on this question . They are both working on next steps for NERC and while not directly related to the RSB , there is potential for overlap down the road . Also , where does Enron publicly stand on the incorporation of this into an EISB ? I thought we were ready to go ? Finally , are you giving the presentation ? Jim
Linda -- Let's talk about all expense report matters tomorrow . Also , please send out reminders to everyone that I want to deal with this only on Friday and not to go too long without a report . Thanks , Jim
PLEASE ENTER INTO MY CALENDAR . Jim
Ginger -- I am taking that entire week off . Jim
Tom -- Can put some analysis into this market opportunity and relay the results to the Enron Direct team ? Current Shopping Credit versus 2002 Shopping Credit versus market . Maybe we should be highlighting the opportunity to pick up some quick market share where the saving opporunities are relatively large and have Enron Direct enter now to lock in the deals ? Jennifer Thome may be able to help you with this project ( although she may have some other projects) . Jim
Christi - Did this come from FERC? ? Jim
As you can see from the comments below , staff at the Texas PUC is considering whether or not certain areas of Texas are ready for competition ( the non-ERCOT region) . Who on your teams do we need to talk to understand the implications of this action ? Jim
Charles & Nancy -- Please make sure that we are on the same page "publicly" . Jim
Jeanne -- I guess the other big question is this - what is the best argument one could make that any retroactive calculation ( and application in a forward-going manner ) is illegal ? We need to develop this argument ASAP . Jim
Rick -- How about sitting down on Wednesday am ( say 10 am ) to do this ? Jim
Not sure how this got through the "process" . Please feel free to call on me if this isn't getting fixed right . Also , should we just have PGE pull the application and re-file with different terms . Also , Becky you should let Amr know and keep track - he can try and quantify . Jim
Great . I'll be there . Jim Linda -- Please put on my calendar .
I'll attend if you think it's important . Otherwise , I'm assuming that ya'll are covering the meeting . Jim
Dung -- Best to start with Jean Ryall ( in Austin) . Different utilities in different places of restructuring . By the way , aren't you in EBS ? Jim
Please put on my calendar if possible . Probably can only go for 1.5 hours . Jim
Howard , Kathleen , & Steve -- Can we sit down and discuss our strategies going forward in light of this RD ? I'd like to understand where there are opportunities ( both for POLR outsourcing and standard market entry) . I don't think that there will ever be a huge surplus in generation ( and there shouldn't be in a competitive market) . Instead of focusing on something the NYPSC can't control , why not work on demand responsiveness ? Better metering technology would certainly help . Let me know when a good time would be ? Jim
Please put on my calendar if possible and RSVP if necessary . Jim
Looks good . Are these "incremental" to the total ? May be important to highlight the % growth as well . Jim
Bryan -- Thanks for the update . On the first issue , there was a letter sent from the CAISO to some Congressmen . Please find this . Also , keep trying to locate the creditors list - we want people that bought and sold electricity . Jim
Has your initial question been answered ? Jim
Here is a list of point people for issues in the West . Jim
Did we get the right people to sign-up to speak ? Let me know . Jim
Not sure if you knew this . Jim
Sue -- Is the issue for the Governor's eminent domain or Native Load exception ? Very important distinction maybe lost on these guys . Jim
Charles -- Very well put . This is another example why it is so important for you and Andy R . to be out with the RTO teams helping us to be more precise . We need to blend our NERC and FERC advocacy . Of course , you realize that ELCON will never support a PJM model central marketplace for balancing energy . At the last EPSA meeting , ELCON really blasted centralized pools . Jim
Erin -- Enron is working right now to try and develop its policy on this issue . Clearly , our primary goal is to ensure that market makers such as Enron are treated fairly by the FERC rules vis-a-vis other market participants . While we are not yet enamored with any policy option , we are committed to helping FERC do whatever is necessary to create a strong and well functioning marketplace . As soon as I have any more , I'll let you know . Sarah Novosel and I are intending to come to the meeting . Jim
Janine -- Where does this stand ? I just read the text and agree with Harry . Most importantly , the HHI may not be suitable given the high degree of regulation of ComEd service . As important , I don't think the ICC cares too much about Enron losing market share . Not the best lead argument . Let's talk . Jim
Not until all of the key electricity fixes are included in the package - remember RTOs are still voluntary , the Courts have yet to require FERC to do away with the Native Load exception , and NERC is in charge of reliability . This is clearly the biggest issue for the Publics . Jim
Talk with Rick , but I think this project is complete .
FYI
Lynne -- I am very sorry that I have not yet responded to your e-mail . I am trying to firm up my calendar . Not sure that Excelon and Enron will differ greatly on the key lessons learned . I should know by mid-week ( if you haven't already filled the slot) . Jim Steffes
Dad -- Thought you may be interested . Jim
Bob -- Sorry this is just getting to you . Pls work with Fergus to come up with an answer . Jim
This is one of those to show to Amr to quantify . Jim
Wanted you to see that Doug regarded you highly ( my highlights below) . Also , sorry I wasn't very nice on Friday - another very bad day . I'm sorry . Jim
Evan -- Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market ? Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC ? There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point . Jim
Sorry that I am just getting back to this . I think that one of the key roles for Reg Risk Analytics is to "validate" the appropriateness of regulatory assumptions in EWS retail tariff curves as well as help Govt Affairs build risk management plans . Let's talk soon . Jim
Who at EWS is the head ? Jim
Am I scheduled to attend ? Jim
correct .
I'm in all week . Jim
Jean & Thane -- Can we have a meeting this week ( maybe Thursday at 3:30 ) to discuss this ? Jim
FYI . You may want to discuss with Becky . Jim
What do I need to do ? Jim
Hope he is ok . Jim
Janine -- Who is IMServe ? I'm guessing they are a vendor that does billing , etc . You should e-mail Evan Hughes to determine the nature of the CSC arrangement . But I don't think that we want to give our business to a company because they help in one case ? Jim
Linda -- Can you please pull a copy of the ComEd OATT that would include the calculation of "OPC" mentioned below ? Janine -- Doesn't it make sense that we are disadvantaged vis-a-vis their own transmission service and should talk to Donna Fulton about a complaint at FERC ? Jim
But where in statue does the ICC have that as one of their issues ? Jim
Charles -- In planning the transition , please include this issue . Jim
cheers
Susan -- Can you please work with ENA Accounting and others to determine the following to provide to EPSA so they can calculate our Dues -- 1 . Total megawatts of your company's equity ownership as of June 1 , 2001 in competitive generation assets operating and under construction in the United States ( including PURPA plants ) - ( probably good to start with Wes Coldwell) . 2 . Total megawatthours of market-priced wholesale and retail sales for the 12 months ending March 31 , 2001 ( probably just get Linda Lawrence to sum up our monthly sales ( I would have a separate total for wholesale financials ) and use someone from Evan Hughes shop for physical retail sales) . Call me to discuss . We need to get this in by August 18 . Jim
Steve -- Has PR given the go ahead ? Anything else from me needed ? Jim
Yes . I'll get us a conference room on 47 . Jim
Linda -- Please schedule a conference room to hold this . Jim
Sue -- Do you have a list of the Commissions / Officials that you have discussed these issues with either formally or informally ? It would be good to make sure that we have a running tally . Jim
Sue -- What is our current involvement in the URG case ? Do we have a range of potential outcomes for each UDC ? Jim
Jean -- Please call Eric to understand the implications of filing or not filing on this issue . Jim
Good idea . Harry is the best to start with . Jim
I would like to have a meeting today at 4pm to review the work that West Power URM has been working on to compare the economic impact of the 4 alternatives . It would also be good to get any other feedback from the meetings with SCE and other relevant activities . I will ask my assistant Linda Noske to get a call in number and a room on 47 . Please let Linda Noske know if you will attend . Jim
Please cover this . Jim
To make sure that everyone is on the same page , my understanding is that Thane "owns" this issue from top to bottom - Thane needs to make the recommendation about moving forward or not . Please keep me in the loop . Jim
I can't make it , but Sue Mara will cover . Jim
Don't worry about the call .
Thanks Barbara . If we need to do anything , please let me knwo .
Please coordinate a meeting with Chad for later this week between Chad and myself . Jim
2:30 works for me on Thursday . Jim
Works for me . Jim
I can make it . Now on my calendar . Jim
Sue -- My take on this letter is that it is a little too "jumpy" . Any way to help make it a bit more to help Lynch do something different - maybe work from the AReM filing ? Jim
Thanks for the accounting treatment . Probably better to have one payment this year and one payment on Jan2 ( charged back to 2001) . Thanks , Jim
Thanks for the feedback . Your model now assumes a modification to the Distribution tariff to include a new rate element . That may get around the Settlement ( although OCA in PA will think that now D is going up and there is no offset in the G rate so consumers are getting screwed because they won't switch) . Also , can the PaPUC implement this charge and direct the EDCs to transfer the funds to third-party generators ? Seems like that would require legislative changes . I like the idea that there should be fixed charge for ICAP - one way to get that number would be to go back to the EDC stranded cost cases and look at their filed testimony - remember if they are earning more from the market than that $ amount , they are overearning on their stranded costs . Jim
Send me your phone number ? Jim
I thought we were responding through some other group ? Jim
Thanks . Appreciate the concern . Hopefully most of this will be legal time & $ but one never knows . Jim
No problem . Have a good vacation . Jim
Thanks . The key , of course , is to create a filing that could not be used against us at FERC on these issues . I guess that amending the filing is better than withdrawing the filing and re-submitting . My only thought would be that by withdrawing , PGE provides no trail . Jim
Steve -- As Sue highlights below , when people talk about stranded costs ending no later than 3/31/02 , they are only speaking about generation-related stranded costs . Above market costs for QFs will be "collected" from DA customers for some time into the future . Wanted to make sure that this was clear . Jim
thanks
Linda - Please work up some letters from me to the people in the file ECAR , MAIN , MAPP for my review . Thanks . Jim
The Offsite is more imporant . Please call Lysa Akin to confirm the date . Jim
You on this call ? Jim
Becky -- What's the upside and downside from the Settlement . My only concern is that FERC is so swamped with issues may be overwhelming . Where is our business going ? Jim
Linda -- Please reschedule until Wednesday . I have a meeting all afternoon on California . Tell Mike I apologize greatly . Jim
Per our discussions yesterday , the following should hopefully be completed before the 2:30 ( CST ) conference call on Recoupment and the 4:00 ( CST ) conference call on PX Credit & 1c/kwh Surcharge . 1 . Bob Williams - Synopsis of 1c/kwh Surcharge 2 . Sue Mara - Background on CPUC Activity on 1c/kwh Surcharge ( to be included in Bob Williams' write-up ) 3 . Dian Huddleson - Plan for Requesting Net Bill Reinstatement 4 . URM - Analysis of PX Credit Methodology 5 . Mary Lynne Ruffer - Analysis of Net Bill Amounts The goal for today is to have all necessary data to develop our recommendations for how to proceed in these matters so that we can meet with the business heads tomorrow . Call In Information - 2:30 Recoupment 4:00 PX Credit & 1c/kwh Surcharge To Be Provided By Linda Noske
Wes & Wade -- You've probably seen this , but FERC issued this notice for Jurisdictional Public Utilities related to a FASB decision .
Richard -- We need to make some decisions very soon ( this morning ) about Enron's submission of data into the Pacific Northwest ( "PNW" ) refund case . The data is due at FERC no later than Thursday August 16 . The key strategic issues in submitting the data to the ALJ include the following -- 1 . Do we exclude bookouts ( ie , only physical transactions) ? It appears that other market participants intend to exclude bookouts . EPMI should also exclude bookouts given that these transactions never went physical and hence are not appropriate to consider in this case . 2 . Do we provide only sales transactions or do we include our purchases ? The ALJ's Order allows parties to include purchases only if the selling party is not an intervenor in this case and hence , our purchase would not be included in the data . The ALJ wants to limit the amount of data to be provided to ease the workload . Our initial analysis of some data from other parties is that there will be transaction data irregularities and hence , we should provide all of our relevant sales and purchases . By having the data in the case , we can dispute any inappropriate transaction and ensure that all of our purchases are included in the calculation of refunds . This is key for Enron in that our primary defense is that Enron deserves refunds as a purchaser to offset any sales refund amount . 3 . Do we provide data for all 4 time blocks ( through 24 hours , through 7 days , through one month , through 1 year) ? The ALJ's Order indicates that parties are to provide data for transactions that are not consistent with the initial definition of "spot" - deals less than 24 hours done day ahead or day of . Our initial recommendation is to provide the data but to retain our arguments that this is not consistent with FERC's Order . The primary downside of not complying with this element of the data submission request is that we anger the ALJ and end up providing the data anyway after being told directly to comply . In addition , it is possible that by providing all of the data we could be creating the problem that some economist or competitor could get their hands on the data at a later date and "determine" our trading strategies . Weighing these risks , I would still recommend to include this data but argue before the ALJ and the FERC the ultimate relevance . 4 . Do we provide data based on contract date ? The ALJ has requested data for contracts that were valid on December 25 , 2000 that had physical energy flowing after December 25 , 2000 through June 20 , 2001 . This would explicitly include Balance of the Month transactions for December 2000 and the associated physical flows . To minimize the hours on these transactions , we intend to enter the transaction date in the data submission to allow for FERC staff to delete inappropriate transactions . I will call you this morning . Thanks , Jim
Left you off . Sorry .
Ginger -- Please send to Rick's team . Jim
Steve -- I've stopped trying to understand the Utilities in California and what they want - it hurts too much . But yes , the law allows the Utilities to continue to collect "something" from customers , including DA customers , for QF coJim
Ok . If the FERC team in DC ( Donna and Sarah ) are ok , let's support this but let's make sure that we have outlined our "needs" and "wants" and "no ways" before going in . Also , who would cover and can we do this in Houston ( guessing most of the parties in town) ? Jim
Jeff -- Any communications with ElectriCities on virtual direct access ? Maybe another good avenue for ElectriCities to help its members ? Now that direct access is dead in NC , ElectriCities could agree to move new products through their stable channel . Jim
Why is Buxton upset ? This is good for consumers ? What does he want to change his mind and push this forward ? Wouldn't this just lower the prices to his customers ? Also , this is why we need to be constantly pushing the political message in the states . Jim
Buxton is not a true consumer advocate - I thought that he was the guy who put MECC's together . We have a relationship with him . Why not work our magic . Jim
I'm taking Sept 3 off - I think it's Labor Day . Please also note that I am taking off late in September . Choose the best date to work through for this . Jim
Pls update my calendar .
Pls put on my calendar .
John - Can you please get with Sue ?
Ask Linda Noske to schedule some time for us to go over . I think it's great . Jim
Bob -- Let's discuss today . Jim
On what case ? Jim
Linda - Pls work with Brian Redmond's asst to have a meeting with me , him , Jean Ryall , and Becky Cantrell .
Maybe someone from the Risk Mgmt Working Group would also go ? Jim
Jeff -- Please send the invoice to my assistant - Linda Noske - to have her take it through the system . Her phone number is 713-853-6082 . Thanks , Jim
Linda -- I thought that Ray set up a daily call regarding the CA and Pacific Northwest Refund litigation at FERC ? It's not on my calendar . Can you please call Bernadette Hawkins to verify and put on my calendar ? Jim
Linda -- Please find out if Gordon , Mary Lynne , and Steve can meet at 2pm to follow-on to our PX Credit discussions ? If it does , please find a room on 47 . Thanks , Jim
Pls keep sending these . I just didn' t know the case . Jim
Here are my comments given my very short review of the NGA Statement . 18.3.4 Demand Response GOOD 18.5 Improving Energy Transmission OK talks about "equal access for all suppliers" even though says "oppose preemption" , indicate a willingness to better coordinate 18.6 Regulatory hard to read if the section on "no preemption of state regulatory authority" is good or bad...we don't argue that our model preempts any authority , only that transmission service is best defined by FERC . Jim
Thane -- You are probably already aware but if not , Enron holds an interest in Project Cornhusker ( a QF in Cleburne) . There are some issues that may develop with the plant related to its ability or inability to meet specific ERCOT guidelines . Generation Investments is managing this asset and relations with Brazos Co-op . Their primary concern is that Mirant is Brazos Co-op's QSE and may be interested in playing games with the plant through modification of ERCOT rules . Please coordinate with Jean and decide who will call either Rick Hill or Chuck Ward . Thanks , Jim
Nothing really - he both had the $ to retire and wanted to spend more time with his family . No "forcing" out . Jim
Jennifer - I like your #2 and #3 issues for highlighting . On the issue of fuel diversity , Enron has been somewhat agnostic . Please draft some comments and share with Tom Hoatson to submit . Thank you , Jim
What was the explicity capacity ( $/kw-mo ) component by year for PECO in their stranded cost case ? Feel free to call JR . Jim
Bryan -- Thanks for the info . I think that a Section 4 would be good to add - who is on each list in a "major" way ? Sort of your analysis of who is the best company to leverage if we are to work a deal ? Jim
I have a call into Jean Ryall to discuss . Agreed that we need to keep our FERC team in the loop . Jim
When: Friday , August 17 , 2001 4:30 PM-5:30 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) .
Yes . Also , best to coordinate with Jeff and Sue . Jim
Is it possible for everyone to stay on Rick's Staff meeting ( 10:30 CST ) today to discuss our next steps ? I think that may allow us an opportuntity to set up next steps . Jim
Do you want to go to Las Vegas for this trip ? I love you , Jim
Can we talk about this protest at 3pm ( using the last 30 minutes of our call on Market-Power analysis) ? Also , we need to coordinate this activity with some protests that Janine filed in the Ohio PUC about a failure of implementing a fix for the "native load" exception . Jim
Can you get a call in number for 3pm ? I want to give to Kerry Stroup and Donna Fulton to discuss AEP NEXT STEPS . Also in the meeting should be Sarah Novosel , Christi Nicolay , Mike Roan . Jim
Bob & Ray -- Can each of you please put together a short outline of the ( a ) timeline , ( b ) key decision points , and ( c ) potential outcomes of the decision points for the different refund cases ? If possible , having this before today's call would be helpful ( but I realize that this may be difficult) . Jim
Linda -- Please work with Jan . Jim
Jeff -- Federico is coming to the states to understand how our policymakers deal with the issue of default service . He is the manager of the Italian default service provider . Can you please make a presentation next Thursday or Friday about the UI deal ? Thanks , Jim
A couple questions -- 1.Could the company include distribution wires as well , instead of being just a transmission only wires ? 2.How many shares would a divesting company get ? Could this be more that 5% ? If so , wouldn't this be over the "control" threshold ? In general , I fully support this type of action .
Agree . Jim
Sarah - I can't open this . Jim
Jeff - Sue called on Friday late and had some issue with the research report that was to go out . She didn't give me any details . How do we get to her to discuss . Jim
What do you guys think ? My idea is to have a short ( 10 page ) presentation that gives a brief update and then make sure that we understand current positions and current projects ? 1 hour max . The four of us would deliver . Jim
Should you be on this service list ? Jim
Becky -- Thanks for getting this info . Jim
good info .
Linda -- I'd rather not use the first week in October . I may move my vacation to that week . Jim
Susan -- Can you confirm with the desk ? My recollection is that the combination would make sense ? Also , not sure how this "works" with the testimony we've filed to support natural markets ? Maybe Christi can piece that all together or call TCA and get their read . Jim
Diann -- What's the next step ? Jim
Thanks .
thanks . Jim
thanks
Christi -- Please ask each regional RTO heads ( all that are being discussed + Mediation ) to develop one page memo . May want a map with current config and a map with FERC model . Let's plan on doing for September 11 or September 12 . I'll ask Linda Noske to work with Duran's assistant to coordinate . Also , let's give info on current Interconnection issues . Finally , Christi , maybe you could develop 5 key regulatory issues . Jim
Janine -- The other thing that I am thinking is that we don't want to file anything at the FERC without a broad coalition . At the right time ( after we understand the facts and our desired outcomes) , let's sit down and discuss how to approach FERC . I think the timing is right to make a cogent , well-defined argument before FERC but we need to sell this to the FERC before the filing and we need to have Enron as a minor player in the fight . The FERC is looking to help retail markets . Jim
thanks .
Any thoughts on the NERC budget ? Jim
Janine -- What's the gas delivery tariff on CGE for generation services ? Do they have a standard service ? Do they have a good generator interconnect agreement on the power side ? Jim
Sorry . Pls let me know the outcome . Jim
Dave -- I'll look at today . Is there an RCR ? Jim
I am not attending . Jim
Christi -- Can you please send any and all summaries of the RTO Orders mandating Mediation for NE and SE to Vicki Sharp ? Also , please include any other information that is helpful to understanding these issues . Thanks , Jim
FYI .
I wanted to make sure that everyone is on the same page related to utility costs in California . These costs may be ( will be? ) collected from some utility customer , potentially including direct access customers . About $12.0 Billion ( this money includes our Negative CTC amounts) . Should be financed through corporate debt . No securitization . Enron's Position: Bundled service on Jan 1 , 2001 pays fixed c/kwh Bucket #2 CDWR Cost from Jan 5 , 2001 through Bond Issuance or March 31 , 2002 About $12.5 Billion ( about $10 Billion for spot purchases and $2.5 Billion for long-term buys ) Enron's Position: Dedicated Rate Component ( DRC ) for all residential and small customers . Larger customers are assigned direct responsibility for the Undercollection on c/kwh . Balancing account for holding Utility even . Bucket #3 Prospective Generation Costs for Bundled Service Post March 31 , 2002 URG = $40/mwh ( retained generation and bilateral contracts ) Bucket #4 AB1890 Non-Generation Stranded Costs Bucket #5 AB1890 Generation Stranded Costs
Let me know how this turns out . If you need a contact , let me know . Also , everyone should be aware about an aggregation project under Phyllis Anzalone . EES legal has found a loophole to the time restrictions on electricity contracts and the appropriations risk that we need to check out . Jim
Ray -- Let's discuss on today's Refund call . Jim
sounds good .
Guys -- I agree that we need to file at FERC . But we need to also get in the field with a strong message supporting FERC ASAP in the Southeast . I'd rather go down swinging . Maybe a least find out the objections of the parties across the region ( including PUCs , stakeholders , etc.) . What about building a short schedule ? Maybe coordinate with DC office on key members ? Jim
good job .
I think this makes alot of sense . Who would cover PA and NJ at retail - you ? Jim
Linda -- Please arrange a good time tomorrow or Thursday to talk with Aleck . Jim
Thanks for doing this . Jim
Probably not . Thanks . Jim
When: Tuesday , August 21 , 2001 4:00 PM-4:30 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: eb47 PLEASE ATTEND IF POSSIBLE .
Latest information on CPUC Decision -- Commissioner Bilas filed an Alternative Draft for the CPUC that would: * hold DA suspension and have the CPUC conduct hearings that would work out details including impact on bonds and phasing ending of DA , * resolved issues related to credits and payments of Negative CTC , and * hold hearings dealing with bottoms-up ratemaking for DA . This is effectively an updated version of the alternate that Bilas put out last time the CPUC considered this issue . It is a long-shot that this alternative would be approved . Our current information is still that the CPUC will vote to suspend DA as of Sept 1 . Jim
John -- How about I take the "delay" side for $200 ? Jim
I think that we should support the effort . I would not get into the specifics in any region or the specifics of the proceedings . This should be an opportunity for Enron to "spin" its message - RTOs help us help our customers... . Jim
sounds good .
Why have exit fees and limit to open enrollment ? Jim
Right now I'd let the FERC make that call . If asked , Enron believes that incorporating Fla into the Southeast makes great sense for Florida consumers - more access to low cost markets , etc . Why is the fight ours ? Let's keep it alive before FERC but not make it a big push for Enron . Jim
What happened ? Jim
John & Louise -- I wanted to make sure that you were aware that FERC has ordered natural gas sellers to provide monthly reporting for transactions relating to California . We are , of course , seeking for FERC to modify its decision . Given the politics surrounding California energy markets , it is unlikely that FERC remove in whole the reporting obligation . Govt Affairs has talked with the West gas team about this new obligation and how we respond . If you have any questions , please call . Jim
Makes sense . Jim
Please see PG&E response . Jim
Thanks for the info . Will be in touch . Jim
Jennifer -- Please review and discuss with me if you think there could be "financial" products placed on top of this Utility service - ie , could we get a customer to agree to this and then offer a swap to fix their rate ? Jim
Fine with me . I finish up with an EES Op Comm meeting at about 10am . Jim
Amr- You may want this . Jim
Is this our responsive testimony ? Jim
Becky -- Thanks for the update . I think that maybe you should take 1 hour to walk through the deregulation history of pipelines ? Maybe INGAA has some nice history ? Jim
Amr -- Please take the first stab at two presentations ( for each business unit ) that would lay out what our key issues and decisionmaking process for these issues . Jim
What do I do ? Jim
I am worried if we give the MM "penalty" ability - especially before the fact . This feels alot like the NYISO implementing some market remedies . FERC can act quickly to abuse if it is found . Jim
This gets at some of the buckets of $$ that may or may not be charged to DA . We continue to try and pull together the facts surrounding the potential surcharges to ensure that the book is properly marked . Jim
Any way to work on ( 1 ) moving to 4/1/02 ? Jim
Steve -- Thanks . Looks good . Some thoughts for you to consider: 1 . Not sure that Impact #1 makes sense to present . No real reason to set CTC = 0 c/kwh on Jan 5 ( CalPX was still in operation) . I think that Impact #2 better captures the idea . Also , probably not good to use the term "CTC Eliminated" . Maybe should say "CTC = 0 c/kwh" . Given the CPUC's March 27 Order , the Utilities have a claim for additional generation related stranded costs until March 31 , 2002 . 2 . In calculating Impact #2 , what did you use as the Jan 19 - Aug baseline ? Did you calculate the hit of ( $104.5 ) from actual bills or based on our DJ Index model ( there is a fundamental difference in likelihood based on the baseline) ? Also , I assume that the Feb - Aug timeframe was relatively low because EES and EEMC had most of their load on bundled service . 3 . Probably should discuss in a footnote the different models for PX Credit calculation and most specifically the PG&E Adjustment . Also , may be interesting to have the $ impact of the PG&E Adjustment ( the rate adjustment to re-capture their previous mistake) . I think that this is something we need to go into the CPUC to fight pretty quickly . 4 . Should Impact #4 and Impact #5 apply to SCE's loads ? In column 4 it looks like it does . SCE is not currently hitting our bills with this surcharge . 5 . Probably better to model Impact #5 as of Oct 1 not Sept 1 . 6 . Can you break out the volumes for "vintage" contracts versus "retail gen with passthru" contracts ? You haven't shown anything for ( a ) Utility Undercollection costs or ( b ) CDWR bond fees . These costs may hit our vintage contracts . Jim
Pls work into my calendar . Jim
I'd be happy to come to the meeting on Sept 5 . I'd rather stay close to the bldg for the reception . Jim
John -- Look at the letter from CAEM below . They want us to sign on . Not sure that Enron adding its name is the best idea . Also , are the sections listed the right ones ? Maybe we can change this without our name . Jim
Please process this request . Jim
Susan -- Please take the lead on coordinating our response . Thanks .
Paul -- How is everything going ? Wanted to make sure that I hadn't been unresponsive to the project . Anything critical that you need from me ? Please let me know . Jim
Agree . Would be good to have the utilities' answer in graphic form ( 17+ RTOs ) versus FERC's model on a side-by-side . Discussion of the TCA work on natural markets to support FERC . Jim
Please give me your comments before the meeting . Jim
FYI
Hey , maybe here for our anniversary . Jim
thanks .
Thanks . By the way , it is only a "suggestion" . I know that I can push pretty hard at times but it's only because I believe that both of you can handle it . You're both doing fabulous jobs . Of everything going on , I never worry about the NE and SE RTO mediations because I know that you guys are going to get everything possible for Enron . Keep up the great job!!! ! Thanks for everything , Jim
Cool . Sending messages in real-time . Jim
Linda -- Pls print out for me . Thx .
FYI . California is playing games with the market again . Jim
Sweetie -- Here is the address . Scott Karro 200 West 26th Street Apt . PHJ New York , NY 10001 I love you . Jim
Info on the SCE response . Jim
I wanted to make sure that you had seen the language Jeff references that 1 ) explicitly recognize the PX Credit as part of Edison's undercollection , and 2 ) permit Edison to pay debts associated with the negative PX credit in the earlier e-mail . Call me with any questions . Jim
Eric -- Please give me a call . I would probably recommend that you sign a new contract with Dick given that we did not intend to renew his option year . Jim
I'll discuss tomorrow with Bob . Jim
David -- I will cover for meeting and let you know if anything happens . Jim
I plan on attending . Jim Steffes
Sarah -- Two issues that we should work on -- First Energy discusses CBM ( not sure of their position ) and MAPSA deals with ICAP . My recollection is that ICAP will not be addressed at this time ? Seems to me that we should try and propose some resolution or at a minimum a separate proceeding to mediate this issue before 1/1/03 ? What do you think ? On CBM , now is the time for FERC to get rid of this discriminatory practice . Jim
This is the list of the parties opposing the NERTO and their arguments . Jim
My only addition would be to strengthen the answer to #5 - RTOs , even if formed , do not explicity resolve the question of the Native Load Exception . I think that this is critical to highlight if this issued is raised . Jim
sounds good .
Please arrange on my schedule . Jim
John - I think that Sue is still on vacation . Jeff may be able to help . Jim
Bob -- When should we file our complaint at the CPUC ? Jim
I wanted IR and PR to be aware that within the next few days the PG&E Bankruptcy team will file with the Judge Enron's current claim . We intend to ask the Judge to Lift the Stay so that we can file at the CPUC a complaint to recoup our current receivable . I'm not sure what our public statements have been and as soon as we prepare the filing , I'll let you know . If anyone has any questions , please give me a call . Thanks , Jim
Jamie -- Thank you for keeping me in the loop on your activities . While I am always supportive of more public statements pushing competition , neither I nor Enron can sign on to the letter . First , I am concerned that having Enron sign on will distract from your messages . Enron is a "hot button" in DC and will change the proper focus . In addition , I would argue that the recommendation for a national commission is out of place with the current timing of FERC and Congressional action -- which is imminent -- while a commission would delay action on the Hill and at FERC , thus supporting the forces against competition . Let's not study this too much - we know what to do . Move away from the commission . Also , I'm not sure how providing federal grant money only to states that promote competition supports our efforts . Making GA pay for PA is a distraction from the main fights at FERC and on the Hill . Finally , I would guess that more funds to FERC and other agencies will only be used to increase enforcement against those in the industry . While Enron wants markets that work well , the core problem is that we haven't deregulated enough - not that markets aren't working . Also , I don't know where the recommendation numbers from the Bush/Cheney plan came from -- I think it was an earlier document -- there are no such numbers in the final printed version of the report that I have . If you want to talk , please let me know . Thanks , Jim
Are we sending anyone ? Jim
Amr -- I'd like this as well . Jim
FYI
I agree with Bob that the reporting issues are important . I also think that focusing on the "lessons learned" from the NE RTO and SE RTO mediation would be interesting . Have people from different industry groups discussing their views of where the mediations concluded ( assuming we are finished by October) . Any outstanding issues between EPSA members and between EPSA and other parts of the industry could be discussed . Thanks , Jim
No truth from what I know .
A couple of points -- 1 . The language in the relief indicates that we are trying to "determine the validity and amount of PX Credits owed to EES and EEMC" . Is this correct ? Isn't our primary goal in this complaint to ( a ) have the Utility return the net credit to our bills and ( b ) to allow for recoupment againts all non-generation related charges ? 2 . Throughout the document the idea of "T&D charges" is used . I assume that this is shorthand for all non-generation related charges ? We pay CTC and public purpose costs as well as T&D . 3 . Not sure if CPUC regulates the ESPs . The filing makes this case in the first paragraph . Thanks , Jim
Fine . Dick and I have worked out exactly the hours for my group that he will work through mid-Oct . Why not have Dick submit his charges for your group directly to your assistant ? Bernadette is in DC and having these charges running around the country may cause great confusion . Finally , since I have not looked at his contract lately , I assume that in using this contract to move forward immediately we are not creating any other obligations with Dick ? Thanks , Jim
Pat -- Please keep Jean Ryall and Thane Twiggs in the loop on these activities . Specifically , they need to let the desk know before we take any formal actions . Thanks , Jim
I was wondering if someone from our trading desk would take the lead ? Not necessarily someone from Govt Affairs . Jim
Way to go!! ! Jim
Lisa - I would recommend that you send Mike Day the language to clarify #3 . Jim
Are we ready ? I thought that we were still moving through the process . Jim
Harry -- Can you please review and provide input on comments ? Especially as it relates to keeping open the San Diego market . Jim
See last bill . Jim
Jennifer -- Can you get a copy of the SBX2 1 and provide short synopsis ? Thanks , Jim
Janel got something on this from PRI . Not sure about how much media it got . Jim
A short analysis that indicates who would face the brunt of this bill ( Enron? ) and the mechanism ( $/mwh or % of income) ? Jim
Donna & Becky -- Do you have any good points of reference on the history of natural gas restructuring ? Jim
I've sent out some feelers on a good book . I'll look around my desk etc . Jim
I didn't calendar ( or at least I don't remeber) . When will this happen ? Jim
Call Ozzie Pagan . Jim
Dave -- With EES' push into serving smaller customers , the issues in this situation -- potential affiliate abuse and unfair sharing of information -- will become more important . When EES focused on national outsourcing , this was less an issue because our products crossed many jurisdictions . This issue , of course , is especially important in recently opened or opening markets as the affiliates try and secure large market share . We are also watching for these activities in places like MI , VA , and OH . Jim
We need to let Jeff Richter and Tim Belden understand the implications of this for current book of business . Jim
Vicki -- Along with everything else , this bill continues to be discussed . We don't think this is a high probability , but wanted you to be aware ( and more importantly , this is California) . I'll keep you up to date . Jim
Jason -- Dinner is at 5pm at the house . We are catering from Eatzi's . Casual dress is preferred . See you then . Jim
Janine -- If we have draft tariff language , I'd push pretty hard . Jim
I will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the California market . If anyone has any specific questions before then , please call me at 713-853-7673 . Jim
We need a model for the entire Midwest independent of the ability to changeJim
2pm works for me . Jim
FYI . It would be helpful for you to be on this call . Jim
The meeting to discuss California issues today has been set at: EB 8C1
FYI
FYI
FYI . Please coordinate going forward with EPSA . Jim
Here is the Proposed Decision . Appreciate any thoughts you have on how to fight or when . Jim
Bob -- Pls send Alan the overviews you and Ray put together earlier - thanks . Jim
Bob -- Pls update me with all parties Ripple claims on this afternoon's call - Alan you should get on ( 4:30 Houston time) . Jim
I want to do this today . Jim
Angie - I will be traveling and unable to attend . Hope everyone has a great time . Jim
scary .
Sue -- What were the figures for the two months prior ? Jim
I don't understand why you were denied access . Did we improperly file ? Call me .
Amr & Janel -- Please add these people to your lists . Jim
Attached is the complaint that EES intends to file tomorrow against SCE related to the recoupment of our Negative CTC . As you aware , after returning our customers to DA recently , our billing department was expecting that the past Negative CTCs would be returned to our customer's accounts - this has not happened nor after conversations with SCE will it occur . This complaint is the next step in the process of attempting to recoup these funds . Primarily EES does not want to pay for Utility charges for our customers while an outstanding Negative CTC balance is due . One key risk with filing this Complaint is that SCE may consolidate this case with the earlier Complaint that is currently on hold . Probably not too big of a downside . We will be paying the bills into the CPUC for holding until the resolution of the Complaint . Any questions or issues please let me know . Jim
With everything else going on , it has been hard to develop the monthly report for ENA management . I'd like to re-start this report and provide an update at the beginning of September . While I am aware of some efforts , I am sure that I don't know about everything that is critical and on-going . I need get a list of projects that your teams are working on for Deal Support , Regulatory Risk , and Advocacy . I am truly at a loss for current deals that Government Affairs is supporting and our expectation of closing dates . For each project , I need lead Government Affairs person , financial impact ( our your best guess) , background and key issues , and strategies and next steps . This list does not need to be exhaustive , but simply the major activities currently underway . Thanks - I appreciate your help , Jim
Alan - Appreciate your thoughts . Jim
Thanks for the info . While there may be some differences in presentation , there don't appear to be any basic differences in the analysis . All of the discussions of the legislation need to be aware that the passage is highly uncertain . I agree with the analysis that if you have never been DA and sign up today there is a very large possibility that you will pay a surcharge ( assuming the legislation passes) . Let me know if there is anything else . Jim
cheers .
Hope you and Gracie are having a good day! ! I miss you guys . California is a difficult State to understand . Things are crazy . Jim
Good news or bad news ? My quick read is that FERC looks like it is trying to end the obligation but is waiting for an industry solution . What is New Power saying ? Jim
Bob -- Please be on the next RCR call to update . See Ginger for time . Jim
Alan -- Here is the original note for your update . Jim
Rick -- I see that Amr has taken over the Fundamentals Group . The fiefdom grows!!! ! Jim
Angela - The value proposition for a customer is related to which buckets of cost would be bypassed by switching to DA . If a customer goes DA after August 24 , 2001 ( based on the discussion about surcharges in the legislation that has only passed the Assembly Energy Committee last night - with still a very low probability of success of being signed by the Governor) , the customer would pay for SCE undercollection ( PG&E isn't being discussed on this piece) , DWR bond costs , and DWR net unavoidable . The hardest piece to calculate - which Belden said on the last call he simply couldn't given the tremendous uncertainty - is the DWR net unavoidable . If the customer has been DA since July 1 , the customer could avoid the DWR net unavoidable ( but the legislation could change or not pass and the CPUC could do something else) . Each customer needs to appreciate this latest information and make a determination about what these amounts will be - the key question I'd ask a customer is that they need to try and keep their options open . Of course , all of this assumes that the CPUC doesn't go back and suspend DA even earlier than July 1 or something else crazy happens - remember this is California . Jim
Rick -- Any insight into this statement about Whalley and Frevert ? I'm guessing that this is just Lay's vision of what is now impacting our company ? Appreciate your thoughts ? Jim Lay wasn't more specific about the two men's assignments . ``They'll be looking at all of the businesses -- the wholesale unit , government affairs . Anything that affects Enron,'' Lay said .
Leslie -- Did any of the gas commercial people respond ? Also , any communications from ENA and Barry T . on this ? Jim
thanks .
We need to be very cautious about signing on to documents that seek to delay the start date of any RTO - unless and until I hear something different from FERC , my going in assumption is that Enron will be one of the only voices on this issue . We should only give on this issue when real value is being created . Why not file a "me too" on the issue of seating of the Board w/o agreeing to everything else ? Jim
Agreed . Talk w/ Joe H to confirm that we are consistent with preferred P/L policies . Jim
Pls fax to SF office today . Thanks , Jim
Leslie -- What would it cost for outside counsel to do the hearing ? Maybe running an RCR through with the biggest $$ allows Shapiro , etal to discuss next Tuesday ? Jim
Jennifer -- SBX2 18 and SBX2 85 are important to follow . Jim
I'll be going . You should go if you want to go . It's a good opportunity to network . Jim
yes .
I think one thing that is good is for every California call you make us go through the key bills in some organized outline . Thanks , Jim
Lamar - There is alot of noise in the media to find some customers who will state for the public record that they will be harmed by the retroactive suspension of DA . At one point , you were going to get some customers' names & contact info to pass along to the media . Any luck ? Karen Denne with PR is getting quite a few phone calls from California media sources . The strategy has to be to downplay Enron and have the customer pitch "their pain" by this action of the CPUC . Give me or Karen a call . Jim
Nancy -- 1 . Are we able to vote ? 2 . If yes to #1 , what is your recommendation for our vote ? Thanks , Jim
Alan & Paul -- See John Shelk's e-mail below . Alan , you may want to coordinate . Jim
Steve -- I will be traveling back from CA tomorrow so I can't make the call . Some things to be aware of -- We filed Aug 30 before the CPUC asking the CPUC to re-instate our customer net bill amounts . Jeff Dasovich will call John Fielder to try and see if there is anything that we can do without litigating the case ( or at least delay until after legislative session) . If complaint moves forward , SCE will probably consolidate the complaint with earlier disputes . Enron is preparing similar filing for PG&E , although we need to seek Relief from the Stay . 2 . California Legislation SCE MOU bill ( that includes DA issues ) moved Aug 29 through Assembly Energy Committee . Needs to go to Assembly Appropriation and full Assembly . Hertzberg is trying to get out by weekend or early next week . By removing the conservation easements , the bill has lost some liberal Democrats . Governor Davis is asking Business to find 15+ Republicans to move the bill . Trying to modify ( 1 ) surcharge effective date to Sept 1+ and ( 2 ) get more comfort that SCE will pay our Negative CTC if $$ exists . Also , the Windfall Profits bill has moved through Assembly Committee . It has to go through Assembly Appropriation and full Assembly . Jennifer Thome has prepared a synopsis that is attached . Litigation about both Subpeonas was heard this week in SF and Sacramento . Mike Kirby believes that he may have swayed the Court in the Sen Dunn to provide a protective order . A final decision may be issued next week . 4 . FERC Refund Case Enron presented its "ripple" claim earlier this week . Range of refunds ( non-netted ) is very large ( please see Bob Frank for exact $$) . I have also attached a calendar of both cases prepared by Alan Comnes . Oral testimony is being prepared in PNW case for next week . Both proceedings come to a close this week with an expectation that the ALJ issues a recommendation next week ( or soon thereafter) . Looks like the best date that a large number of parties can agree to for a single NE RTO energy market is Nov 03 ( PJM thinks it can happen by May 03 but wants some cushion) . Sarah Novosel is trying to best position us vis-a-vis the other stakeholders to drive it earlier . Also , ICAP and control area consolidation is not considered at this time . Christi Nicolay believes that the ALJ will recommend moving toward a PJM model . 6 . CPUC Decision to Suspend DA Retroactive Sue Mara continues to push the CPUC to remove the retroactive date in the current Proposed Decision . Some rumors that the CPUC will again delay a decision until Sept 13 ( confirming so please keep close) .
Vicki -- FYI . This bill continues to move . Jennifer Thome prepared this synopsis . Please let me know if you need anything else . I'll ask Jennifer to keep you updated on any changes and status . Jim
Sounds like flying Sunday night . Jim
Charles -- If the RTO has the Interchange function , what else is needed for "virtual" consolidation ? Jim
Not too sure how important , but wanted everyone to see the discussion from Jamie Wimberley at CAEM . Jim
Jamie -- Thanks for the external view on legislation . I agree that most of the bills don't "get it right" - the hope is that the FERC can do that without too much legislative guidance ( which of course would be wrong) . Not sure that setting up a new federalism on this will ever work - not enough $$ to states to get them to overcome the political power of the utilities . Jim
thanks .
Susan -- When we get to a point to make comments , please let me know . Jim
No . Just wanted your thoughts . Thanks .
I'd say we want tariff language before any investigation . I don't typically like investigations . I like complaints . My thought is to pre-sell tariff changes to FERC with a broad coalition and then get the Ohio PUC to ask FERC the question . Jim
Jean -- You may want to call Jeff and find out where he is going with this talk ? We still need to meet with a detailed plan on Texas . Maybe next week or soon thereafter . Jim
John -- To your point #3Burr -- Probably want to bring in Steve Montovano on the NC PUC question -- we have worked with a local lawyer in the past ( I think her name is Allison Duncan ) that could help with this question and demonstrate that having an RTO does NOT make a state deal with retail competition any sooner than it wants to deal with the question . Steve Montovano could probably be of assistance here . Maybe bring in Allison to DC to deal directly with the staff ? Jim
I am not sure if we have a claim to "PX Credits" . Our claim is to the negative residual of Bundled less the PX Credit = Negative CTC . Jim
Ray -- FYI . Some information on how we are talking about the claims in the Bankrupcty case . Jim
It's on my calendar . Unless I need to be in California , I'll go to DC . Jim
Janel -- This paper has two great maps that highlight the Utilities' model for RTOs and the FERC's current proposal . Would be great to build this into some DC and other political coverage . Jim
Did our $MM Supreme Court attorneys have any heartburn ? Jim
Here is the file . While there are some quotes , remember that the analytics were never taken to the final decimal . We were mainly trying to make a political point . Jim
Jean -- What is Doug going to say ? Do we have the right messages ? What about the retail issues in Texas ? Have we considered these ? Jim
Vicki & Evan -- Please see the e-mail trail below . The PAPUC has assessed EES $147,000 for its costs . We intend to protest . Do you have any idea of who this bill would go to ? Jim
Tom -- There does appear to be some intelligence gathering going on at the CPUC . You should speak with legal about the inquiry . Clearly the CPUC has a right to ask anything they want - it is my understanding is that our customers have a confidentiality clause in their contract that prohibits them from responding . Jim
thanks
While I appreciate the concerns about the diffferences in East and West , we've waited too long for utilities to agree to make RTOs happen . We can finesse this forever , but we need to give FERC some tools to force the process . Jim
yes
Sue , Mike , & Jeanne -- Attached is the letter from PG&E regarding our payment "issues" . Discussions this morning have this gameplan - 1 . file at CPUC and Bankruptcy the appropriate paper & $ to hold our issues . We need to have a call at 12 Houston time to discuss and ensure that the filings are consistent . If anyone has any problems , please let me know . Jim
Ray -- These are being finalized today for filing tomorrow . I'll send you final . Jim
Is there a room inside Enron ? Jim
Christi's call .
Lamar -- It is critical that every customer in California that switched ( signed new or renewal customer ) during this year . We need a contact person for each account . The key to securing a better date is to have the customers push the Governor and the Legislature and the CPUC . We are able to provide phone numbers and contacts through our trade groups . Jim
Looks like we need to make sure that this NERC / RTO policy dispute gets identified and recognized as what it is - discrimination . Jim
Great plan . Are we discussing today at 4 DC time ? Jim
Linda - Pls print attachment . Jim
Please feel free to attend . Jim
Yes there has been a shift in the thinking - away from the "natural gas" model and toward the financial structure . Some of this is related to the political realities of the US market and FERC . Some is that our traders in the East are comfortable with PJM and have been making term markets at PJM West hub . All of this assumes that we should be able to migrate to a more physical model if the industry needs to later . I do think that it would be helpful for you to get together and work up a discussion for all Government Affairs to explain the key differences and what policy discussions we need to focus upon - ( i.e. , setting up good "hubs" and auctioning transmission rights) . Also , I think that any thoughts you have on the implications for EES are important . Not sure that either model is really "great" for competitive retailers . The difficulty is that our predictions of load and the actual usage will always be different . As long as ( 1 ) our analytics have the data to "price" basis between hubs and from a hub to a customer and ( 2 ) there is no discrimination in allocation of transmission rights then our ability to sell at retail will be competitive . Jim
Please put on my calendar . Also , how do I find out how much vacation I have ? Jim
I heard today that Brad Nebergald will take over the ILL market under Greg Adams . I'll try and track down all the facts . Jim
Don -- Can you please add Becky Cantrell , Melinda Pharms , and Guillermo Canovas to your Nat Gas weekly discussions ? Not sure if they will all come , but I'd like someone from Government Affairs at the meeting to try and keep us up-to-date on the issues . Jim
Please put on my calendar . Jim
Fine . Same here . Jim
Steve & Rick -- FYI . PG&E Bankruptcy counsel has provided the below stipulation that holds any further action on this issue for 48 hours . It appears that PG&E doesn't want to be anywhere near the CPUC . Provide more details as they go through . Jim
Please do not contact these customers . FYI , Enron signed the following customers after July 1 ( we are checking on Wal-Mart) . I would like Bev and Hedy to rank these parties with their ability to help in Sacramento with our messaging . Once you have this , let's talk this afternoon to plan going forward . As you can see from the e-mail , we are going to have to work through our business people . Jim
Sent the wrong address first time . Jim
not sure . it was stated rather quickly in passing .
FYI . Same holds - let's not talk to Wal-Mart until we work through our business folks . Jim
Thanks . Jim
Linda -- Please arrange a call-in number for 10:30 am Houston time for everyone above for tomorrow . Purpose - Legislative Strategy . Thanks . Jim
Becky-- Please keep Guillermo and Melinda in the loop . Jim
Next Steps -- 1 . Leverage EES Customers Signing Post August 25 Contracts The language in SB78 continues to hold the date for suspending DA as August 25 . EES signed a number of very large contracts that benefit important in-state businesses . We are trying to establish a strategy around the following segments: a ) California Restaurant Association b ) CMTA via the Aerospace Industry We need all of our customers to call ( a ) the Governor , ( b ) the key Legislative members , and ( c ) their trade associations . Leveraging the trade associations is critical given CMTA's support for the bill . We can release ( very quietly ) to influential persons Wal-Mart , Raytheon , and Northrop . It is also critical that we try and contact someone from Boeing to get their read of the bill and its impact . Our understanding is that they have recently signed a deal with another marketer and will be cut out by this Bill . Any help in communicating with Boeing is critical . Please let me know how best to approach the Calif Rest Association . What should we do ? Is it better to have our customers call ? I will work up some talking points and phone numbers with Sue Mara to use in these discussions . 2 . Fight the CPUC on Retroactive Order Sue Mara is working through AReM to convince the CPUC that their Proposed Decision would be illegal . Continue to push on this front . Thanks , Jim
Great . Really appreciate . Jim
Before we invite FERC staff to the trading floor , let's set up a gameplan and run by the trading floor - I don't want a dispute with trading after inviting staff down here . Jim
Sarah & Alan -- I plan on attending . Both of you should feel free . I think that right now we should decline any offer to present unless we can come up with a set of "Guiding Principles" ( i.e. , prospective market rules , etc. ) Jim
FYI . Please keep this confidential . Jim
Do we want to "represent" EPSA on the Friday panel ? Jim
Did all of the amendments pass the Appropriations Comm ? When will a new bill get printed ? Jim
Paul & Alyse -- If we need help , Sarah is interested . My recollection is that we had filled the slots . Please let me know . Jim
John -- Do you know when Enron started discussions with these customers ? Jim
Pls print and hold for my Thurs meeting . Thanks , Jim
Please see me .
Ok . How about breakfast on Thursday ? Jim
Hope -- I will be attending the Board Meeting . Sorry I am so late . Linda Noske will be finalizing my plans . Thanks , Jim
Jim -- I was wondering if you would like to meet with Alan Comnes and me to discuss your thoughts on market power mitigation on Thursday , Sept 13 at 7:30am in DC ? Let me know . Alan and I are in DC for some other discussions . Jim
Lynne -- This appears fine . Thanks . Jim
Lamar -- I have received the list of the clients from John McMullen . The key push is Legislative and AReM PR is not involved . We need the customers to call the Gov and key Legislators . Jim
Here is another file .
Should we include Becky Cantrell on these calls ? Jim
Harry -- I think that this makes alot of sense . I like working through AReM on this as much as possible . When is the next deadline ? Jim
Include on the report . Jim
Jeff -- See below . Does this fit into Mary's responsibilities ? Let me know . Jim
For the report .
Ray -- Wanted to make sure that you had seen the note Sanders sent around ? I think that we should discuss today on the 4:30 call . Jim
Please make sure this discussion is incorporated into the Monthly Report
Ray -- I think that this is about the CalPX bankruptcy . Any issues ? Can you please get with PGE to make sure we are on the same page ? Jim
Any other news ? Jim
Bryan -- a . A good resource for you . b . Also , if anything is intersting , may want to add . Key would be MI , NV , and VA discussions . Jim
Pls include on the report . Jim
Do you want to do this ? Jim
Pls include on the Monthly Report
Pls incorporate as appropriate into our presentation . Jim
I will be out of town .
Here are the other files . Jim
Per our conversation today -- 1 . Sue Mara is working with AReM to ( a ) work on an alternative vehicle for DA - the Bowen bill , ( b ) get the "taking" argument for retroactive CPUC action to Norm Plotkin and Richard Katz , ( c ) call APS Energy Services to motivate Boeing , ( d ) getting AReM active on the date issue . By the way , Sue Mara heard that the CPUC has received "hundreds" of letters related to the CPUC decision . 2 . Everyone should be working to get customers focused on messaging to the ( a ) Governor's office and ( b ) trade associations . KEY MESSAGES: 1 . Don't have the CPUC Make Wrong Decision Tomorrow 2 . SB78 can work if DA Suspension Date = Sept 1.01 or Later 3 . Setting this DA Suspension Date Does NOT Mean that Customers Will Escape Fair Surcharges I am putting together a gameplan right now for who to call and the messages . 3 . I called Sandra Yamane ( at Marathon Communications ) re: CEO contacts . Once I receive the list , we'll make a decision on how to proceed with that group . 4 . Hedy is working to get Hertzberg ( and any others ) to call the CPUC and seek another delay . 5 . Mike Day - can you please draft language to use on the Assembly floor to "fix" SB78 per our interests . Hedy & Bev , who should support the amendment ? Don't we need a member to carry the provision ? Wouldn't it be better if we had CMTA or the CA Restaurant Association ? Is this possible ? 6 . Scott Govenar is calling Boeing's lobbyist to get them "interested" . Thanks everybody . Keep up the great work!! ! Jim
For the Monthly Update .
On coalitions , I was thinking about other market participants . Agreed that Cinergy could be the vehicle . Also , maybe make an informal presentation to FERC before any filing , etc . Jim
FYI . These bills are currently moving through the California Legislature . Not sure if the bills will be signed into law . Please call with any questions . From my quick glance , only good news is that it appears that the Windfall Profits Tax would not apply to retail contracts in effect on date of enactment . Jim
Bryan - Pls include on the Monthly update . Jim
Lisa -- Rick Shapiro has offered to present . I think that we can work up some presentation for 45 minutes . Let's discuss soon the details . It is on his calendar . Jim
The latest information we have -- President Lynch of the CPUC said today that the vote on suspending DA would be taken tomorrow . Proposed Decision remains at suspending as of July 1 . There is still a possibility that the CPUC will hold this vote . In addition , there continues to be a legislative fix that could override this decision . Please call with any questions . Jim
Fine . Jim
Michele & Rick -- Please see the note below . It is critical for you to call your clients ( Jack in the Box/Burger King and Wendy's ) to try and convince them to push their industry lobbyist to ask for a change in the date . Call me at 713-853-7673 or 713-851-2499 ( cell ) to discuss . Thanks , Jim
I've asked Sue Mara to try and develop through AReM some form of legal action that the industry could file if the CPUC goes through with its current plans to retroactively suspend DA as of July 1 . Our goal should be to file tomorrow evening ( assuming CPUC action) . To make sure that we are on board , it probably makes sense to have a phone call to discuss the draft sometime tomorrow early afternoon ( 1pm PST?) . I will leave it to Sue Mara to arrange with the people on this e-mail a conference call to discuss the draft . My choice would be to not have Enron file the paper , but rather work through AReM . Thanks , Jim
Linda -- Can you please get a copy of the report below "Spending Wisely on Private Hubs" for me ? If it costs $$ , I don't want it . Thanks . Jim
Jennifer - Please make sure that Vicki gets regular updates of both bills . Thanks . Jim
Christi -- Fine work . Looks like we are moving forward in the SE . A couple of discussion points . I am still not so much in love the LMP as this paper makes it seem you are ( I don't believe there is a perfect solution) . Also , the document is not consistent relating to Control Area consolidation . For instance , the issue around CA or RTO with tagging makes no sense if there is only one CA - the RTO . This is important to highlight to the ALJ . The easiest way to solve the problem is to do away with the archaic systems of the old world . Also , I still don't fully understand why we are happy that the SAC gets to pick the IMA . I personally despise the concept of a SAC - never has worked when times get tough . Also , no real discussion ( or maybe I missed ) of timing to implement - next phase ? Anyway , great work in the mediation . Keep pushing these guys from the South . Thanks , Jim
Thought you should see this . Jim
Should we talk about the implications for the PX Credit given this PD ? I am guessing that this would significantly alter the calculation for PG&E - moving DWR from $60 to $140 . Do we want to file comments on how this should than resolve the PX Credit process ? Jim
I wanted to re-confirm that you are covering ? Thanks , Jim
Please set up a meeting on Monday with Becky . Thanks
This guy runs a small think tank / TV and radio program that tries to push competitive ideas . He is very pro telecom and energy dereg . Not sure if this is something that makes alot of sense for Enron , but thought I'd get your spin . I'll follow up with you . Jim
Thanks for the material . I am discussing internally . Will keep confidential . Jim
Good info . I like the Reg Orig plays . Amr should track our success . Jim
Jim -- I'll be staying downtown . Once I finalize my plans , I'll get in touch to finalize our meeting . You're right about our thinking - probably just to get a feel for some ideas , nothing formal . Thanks , Jim
Lisa -- I don't have any funds for this . Sorry . Jim
Christi -- I am comfortable with trying to settle . I hate that this new Commission has to litigate this case . It is important , however , that we focus FERC staff on the broader policy changes necessary throughout the industry and not just on Entergy's tariff . Jim
Hi Sweetie -- Out here in California . Trying to rally support for competition . Hope you and Grace are having a good day . I love you , Jim
Thanks . Jim
David -- Here is some info the Windfall Profits . Jennifer can keep you updated . Jim
Please review first section . Jim
Jose - thanks . Also , feel free to send to JoAnn Hill in Houston . Jim
Susan -- Please put in an RCR to discuss ASAP ( probably next week) . I think that the key issue involves the inclusion of financial transactions . Need a solid message from industry that this is inappropriate - which EPSA members are filing this info ? Jim
Some thoughts from Bob Williams . Jim
Please let the right person know that I will be on vacation . Jim
Thanks . Fully agree . I figure Sarah's already committed to #2 . Jim
thanks .
Please include Becky Cantrell in this meeting . Jim
Your call .
Let's set up the meetings . Don't you think ? Jim
Scott -- Good to hear you were ok . Let us know if you need anything . I'm stuck in DC right now and trying to get home . Jim
Great .
I agree that we are losing money . That's not the reason for getting out of this case . What is the upside ? Even if we win , we are only forcing FERC to reconsider at some later time . Is this really the best strategy ? Jim
Yes . I had called him to set up a meeting . We talked recently in PA when he told me he was taking the job . I'll arrange lunch ( if everyone wants to ) soon . But don't delay talking with him . He wants as much help from Enron as possible . Jim
Good to hear from you!!! ! I hope all of your family is well . I was in DC on Tuesday am and drove in last night . Jim
No known timeline yet . I'm still discussing internally . Jim
Ok . But let's keep the time and $ minimal . Jim
John -- Thanks for the update . As long as the FERC is fully in control and the ERO is not a "self-regulating" organization , I assume we'd be ok . The ERO must be fully under the control of FERC . Jim
Sue -- Please work with Diann to determine if their calculations are tariff driven or simply an internal process of SCE . Thanks , Jim
FYI
Rogers -- FERC has already filed a policy statement providing for cost recovery of "security" upgrades assuming they are reasonable . I know that the Bush Admin will now have the response as its top priority . I think that it will take a couple of weeks before we really understand the implications for further energy reform . FERC postponed announcing its Work Plan this week but my guess is that Chairman Wood will continue down his course . Retail competition in different states was already under fire from the California situation . Not sure if this week's events will have any major changes . Thanks .
Christi -- Let's talk . We are arguing against NERC , but Kevin needs to understand that something must be in its place . We have a policy that we are supporting - giving reliability to FERC - and that is Enron's approach . Have you communicated that to Kevin ? Also , on RPS and energy source reporting , I agree but this may be a part of the final package . Also , the language I read allows the FTC to construct a process that makes it possible to not use day ahead markets . Jim
Attached please find Sept's Government Affairs report . If you would like to discuss , please let me know . Thanks , Jim
Sue -- Here is the list of key customers in CA that may support our efforts . Please work with Tom Riley to coordinate . Jim
Steve -- If you have not called SCE yet , now may be a good time to do so ( given the failure of the Legislature to resolve their problems) . Jim
yes .
I intend to produce this monthly . We had been doing it before . If you have any questions about the matters included , please call . Jim
Elizabeth -- I'd like to let Bryan take over this project . Jim
Ray -- I assume this makes sense and you are incorporating into the case ? Jim
Diann -- I was under the impression that we had taken all necessary steps to protect our customers ? Is this problem just related to residential customers ? Jim
Not sure if there is much to do . I was just sending this e-mail because I saw Alan working to find a copy as well as John Shelk's team - wanted to make sure we weren't duplicating efforts . Jim
It sounds better on FM - you can pick up the wonderful vocals . Didn't hear too much from Rush on the drive - he was probably in a bunker worried that the Taliban was after him . Jim
More info .
Christi -- When is this meeting ? Also , Dave Forester is looking for someone to present ( through Rick Shapiro call) . Is this the same meeting ? Call me . Jim
He is at the State Dept . Glad to hear things are well . Jim
Thanks for the info . Jim
Thanks . Pls send out . Jim
Diann -- So it is correct to say that EES is responsible for the final bills ? If yes , how much $$ is this ? Jim
Anthony & Evan -- Who should process this ? Jim
I'm ok with this . Jennifer will be good for RTO campaign . Jim
When: Tuesday , September 18 , 2001 4:30 PM-5:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) .
Alan -- 1 . Is Sue Mara going with you ? Who else is going ? Anyone from commercial or scheduling ? My understanding is that Ray Alvarez is attending ? 2 . Do we have a list of issues that we want to go through with the CAISO ? Maybe outlining our Top Ten before the meeting and getting internal agreement ( maybe even with the other participants ) makes sense ? Thanks
Guys -- Don't know if we need to do our own study . Probably want to get with this prof to discuss . I agree with his analysis that the electricity markets needs a bunch of sellers - means we should push for distributed generation . Thanks
Linda -- Yesterday you mentioned I had a small work assignment during the meeting . Didn't get the exact details . Any info is appreciated . Jim
Charles -- Please work with Susan Lindberg on this as well . Jim
I only have one question - the NYISO may be replaced by a NERTO as soon as this year in December . What is the timeframe of the contract ? Also , the NYISO rules may change - what happens to our deal ? Do we have rights to restructure ? What happens if ICAP or UCAP goes away as an obligation ? Jim
I'll be on holiday during this time frame . Don't wait for me . Jim
Not sure if there is any real "issue" we can push . Maybe something on the P/L side ( see Joe Hartsoe) . Clearly this idea that RTOs will be anti-security is mistaken - it just implies that there should be redundancy of systems . Jim
Bryan -- Add this to the report database . THanks . Jim
Susan -- Jim
Does change in law mean the implementation of the NE RTO ? That process is underway and whatever happens with its implementation we should already have a knowledge of ? Jim
Call Thane Twiggs . I'd also be interested in seeing this through - there was a little confusion about Enron's position earlier but we are now ok . Jim
Tammy -- I sent this report to John and Louise last week . Intend to make it monthly . Similar to earlier . I will include you on it going forward . Sent to John's asst . Call with any questions . Jim
Is this good or bad for Enron ? My take is that this doesn't help us push for ONE RTO . Jim
Please add to Reg Orig section . Jim
Don't know where you guys are with the negotiations , but here is another small issue with PG&E that would be nice to work through with them . Jim
Michael - I've asked the outside consultants to give us a % change for the impact of the refund case . Try to give these to you asap . Ray Alvarez will you please follow up with CRA and Jan Acton ? Thanks , Jim
thanks .
I think that this list is fine . Any thoughts to including the key Industrial customer and legal rep for the Munis / Coops while in this area ? Jim
Sounds good to me . Any thoughts to have Milnthorp support the Conservatives and Devries ( or someone else ) do the Liberals ? Jim
Should we try and agree with the other market participants on a list of issue prior to the meeting ? Maybe coordination also with FERC staff prior to the meeting ? Don't want to appear that this is "ganging up" but we do need to be prepared to go in with a clear idea of what is a "good" meeting . Jim
too late .
I will be attending . Jim
Christi -- Like we spoke about yesterday , the key play here will be to understand the retail opportunities . Let me know how your efforts to get a good synopsis goes . Don't forget to use Jennifer Thome to help in this effort . Jim
thanks for the reply . we will be reviewing the applications in due course . probably best to work through the standard process .
Becky -- FYI . Does EGM have any past advocacy on NURF ? Jim
I'd let Alan make the call . As long as we understand the issues well , maybe no reason to take commercial to the mtg . Jim
A couple of thoughts -- 1 . Ashley Brown and Rick have a great relationship . Don't hesitate to use Rick to find out some details if you need him . 2 . Are we supporting this ? I don't understand why we would agree to make NG the MM with this process / paper ? Thanks .
Howard - Have you and Jeff Brown talked about the MG deal ? I want to make sure that you understand fully and appreciate any issues / concerns . Thanks .
Do we need to have a phone call with you , Harry K. , Charles Y. , Sarah N. , Christi N. , John Shelk , Gloria O. , Vinio Flores to make sure that Enron is on the same page ? I don't think that we will see much support from the business people , although maybe you and I can sit down with Evan Hughes to get his buy-in . Let me know . Jim
Do we need to have a meeting to work through this ? What outside counsel is supporting the sale right now ? Jim
Dan - Spoke with Janet Dietrich yesterday . Slight change to our advocacy versus our Monday discussions . After meeting with Sean Holmes , it was agreed that our policy work would say ( 1 ) no retroactive DA suspension ( at least not earlier than Sept 1) , ( 2 ) don't end DA but study how to allow it to continue . If the CPUC does suspend without retroactive , the fear is that re-starting the CA market will be very difficult . Please call me when you get some time . Jim
Thanks . As long as the business guys ( and King & Spalding ) aren't preventing the appropriate filings , I'll assume this deal is done . Jim
Thanks . Does Howard understand your deal and the going-forward issues ( if any ) that he needs to be aware of ? I want to make sure that he knows what is important and unimportant to this ( and other load curtailment) . Jim
Paul -- Please give me a call ( if possible today) . I am taking vacation from tomorrow through next week Friday . Jim
Linda -- Pls put on my calendar . Thanks , Jim
Bob -- Did we send this ? Jim
EEI's work is nothing more than the NERC language ( but shorter) . Still the key difference - self-regulating versus standard setting . Given that EEI seems to believe that the Canadian issues are minor , why get rid of the self-regulating nature ? Jim
Becky -- Thanks for the updated list . I will include it in our database . Please continue to coordinate with Roy Boston on the "info" reporting . Jim
Linda -- Please set up some time ( about 1 hour ) after I return from my vacation with Dave Duran and Rick Shapiro and myself to discuss Enron's Wholesale & Retail Advocacy Positions . Thanks . Jim
FYI . Please try and attend . Bob , it would be good to have your issue list on the TFG Brief and next steps before the meeting to this group . Jim
Bob -- Any concerns with this language ? Not sure if we are even going to file , but want to be ready . Sue -- While this draft talks about July 1 retroactive date , I'd guess this would be filed if the CPUC does anything before the Ordering date ? Jim
Bob -- Jeff talked with Fielder . Your thoughts on next steps ? Jim
FYI .
Janine -- I would have EPMI be the party of record . Also , please make sure that Susan Lindberg gets a copy of all filings to pass along to the Midwest desk . Thanks , Jim
on holiday
I am trying to find out if anything went out and if so , will be in touch with the document . Jim
FYI
Richard -- FYI .
Please add to the database . Jim
Thanks for the informative phone call this morning . Having the key issues presented in one place was very helpful . To follow up on the meeting , the following are action items for the group . 1 . December 1 Market Readiness Update Meeting Thane Twiggs ( wholesale ) and Nancy Hetrick ( retail ) will have at this time an understanding of the billing and settlement issues ( or not ) with their respective areas . We need to ensure that EES and EPMI are able to get the necessary information to make sure that their bills and settlements are working and that we can bill our retail customers . I will ask Linda Noske to set up this meeting . If anyone hears anything else about the market delay , please let Jean Ryall know immediately . As of right now , it is my impression that we all agree there is no delay scheduled?? ? 2 . Congestion Pass thru to EES' Retail Customers Thane Twiggs , Nancy Hetrick and Jim Steffes will get with EWS and EES counter parties to try and work through the ability of EES passing thru congestion to its customers per the contract language . I will lead the process of consulting with EES legal . 3 . Wholesale Issues ( Thane Twiggs ) a . Define workable TCR Product b . End Balanced Schedule requirement c . Fix Capacity Auction process , including credit matters e . Settlement & Billing 4 . Retail Issues a . REP - ISO - Utility Interface ( Nancy Hetrick ) b . Reliant PTB ( Pat Keene ) d . Reliant Negative CTC ( Pat Keene ) e . TXU Negative CTC ( Pat Keene ) 5 . Information Flow All policy statements from anyone within Government Affairs should be first vetted with Jean Ryall to ensure consistency and conformity . Also , all people on the TO: list above should be included on all e-mail traffic . I know this may sometimes slow down response to business people , but I think that we can all agree that no one has all the information in this very fast moving environment and unless we have a central clearinghouse we may send the wrong messages . It is also critical that all commercial people interested in Texas need to hear about the latest . By having Jean Ryall in the center , she will be able to ensure that no one feels "cut out" . The bi-weekly meeting should be held with Jean Ryall as Host to follow these issues in a timely manner . 6 . Wholesale Products Thane Twiggs was going to keep the team apprised of our products and pricing info on a regular basis so we are informed about the market . Finally , it is critical that everyone work together to get the best results possible for Enron in the Texas market . This is our "home" base - we need to make sure that our business efforts win big . Thanks for everything ya'll have been doing to achieve this result . Jim
Beth -- Who on your team can I get to move forward with this report ? Jim
PLEASE INCLUDE THIS INFORMATION . Jim
Vicki -- I have heard recently that EES is signing up customers in Texas that "passes thru" congestion . There may be some billing and settlement issues given ERCOT's systems . Basically , we will not know based on our bill from ERCOT what each customer's congestion was . I want to make sure that EES billing can determine how to charge this ? Who should I talk with ? Jim
Leslie -- Please let me know what you need to get this issue properly defined by EES . One option , maybe , would be to take the customers back to sales service . Would there be any problems with this ? Please let me know . Jim
Bryan -- Please include the first 3 on the Regulatory Ventures section for next month . Jim
Sarah -- Please pound EPSA into submission on the NE RTO . Jim
Becky-- I spoke with Don Black . Please work with Donna Greif to get this done . She is responsible according to Don . Also , if possible so we don't have to rush our IT and pay extra money , what about asking FERC to give us a 15 day delay for filing . Probably just file to do it and ask for forgiveness . Thanks , Jim
FYI . Use as necessary .
Linda & Sarah -- Please get with Jean to discuss . I don't think that Enron needs to send this right now with everything else . Jim
CONFIDENTIAL -- DO NOT DISTRIBUTE OUTSIDE THE COMPANY . Attached is a spreadsheet of how prices may change with the FERC Refund case . This is still subject to change . Hope this helps with the Negative CTC calculation and negotiations . Jim
Good memo .
Thanks . Keep up the good work . Jim
Becky -- I hope that I didn't come across too strongly just now . Our budget is again under fire by the business groups and I want to try and do everything we can to create value for the businesses . I appreciate what you are doing on this . Thanks for everything . I understand the bind we are in with timing and the importance of getting this report in to FERC . Jim
Jean -- Please take the lead working with Mike D Smith to clarify that we don't have any issues . Thanks , Jim
HERE IS THE NEW FILE .
What do you think that about having Kerry take the lead on all MAPP area RTOs while also supporting Roan in MISO/ARTO ? Not top priority but I think this could be a good opportunity . Jim
Your call . I'll support you on whatever you decide . Jim
Can we talk about this and a number of other issues tomorrow ? I'll try and get Linda Noske to arrange a time . Jim
Please get this to Fundamentals . Thanks , Jim
Lisa -- You should also attend . Jim
Glenn Thomas was the chief guy in the Gov office during PECO but was relatively quiet . He is now the Chair of the PaPUC . He will probably just discuss how wonderful a job PA is doing . I don't think that he'll want to pick on Calif . If you want to talk with him prior to the meeting , I can give him a call or Steve Montovano can arrange something . Jim
That's good . Jim
Here is the note .
FYI . Jim
Mike -- EPMI is the QSE . As long as our customers don't mind that we are deciding their congestion charges internally , then this should work . My concern was that our customers would balk at Enron deciding how much of our costs they should pay ? Jim
Donna -- I'd say that it is a commercial matter . Try and push the bill back . I know that Paul says his RC is closed but someone above him has to have some $$ . Jim
We need to discuss the economics of this on our book ( assuming that these costs hit our pocket and not our customers) . Jim
Why does Edison care about DWR stranded costs ? Are these the costs of the bonds or the above market long-term contracts ? Jim
Linda & Sarah -- I intend to come to DC tomorrow night and attend the EPMI v . FERC hearing ( if I still have a seat) . I'm planning on attending the GENI meeting Wed pm and Thurs . Thanks , Jim
Thanks for the invite but I'll think the DC team should brief Greg on the beltway politics and energy policy . I'll join you guys at the Supreme Court invitation window . Jim
Jim -- How about breakfast on Wednesday this week ? I'm coming in tomorrow night and could do breakfast on Wed . Jim
Jean -- Is the PUC going to agree on AEP's motion ( please see below) ? What are we doing to stop this movement ? AEP is ready to go in Ohio with the same notice but just haven't done anything in TX . Jim
Thanks for keeping Wes and Mary Lynne informed . I give this chance a very low probability right now , but we'll see . Jim
Can we change the project lead on the RTO NOPR on Standards of Conduct to be both Lisa Yoho and Leslie Lawner ? Also , can you call the project leads before the memo goes out to make sure that they are aware of their responsibilities - just a heads up ? In paragraph 2 , your language is that this is addressed only to the people on the chart . I think that Rick intends to send out to everyone in GA . Maybe we want to change to indicate that people are welcome to be included in teams if they were not mentioned . Thanks , Jim
Jim -- Just trying to follow-up on the next meeting ? Any news ?
Harry & Nancy -- I am somewhat concerned that the implications of having to act as tax collector is creating a push to change the way REPs work with the T&D company . In Enron's advocacy throughout my years , we have always asked the PUCs to make the marketer the "customer of record" - better limits the Utility control over the market . Now it appears that this good decision of the PUCT has tax implications and means that we have to process the taxes . I don't see that trying to support a change is a good thing from our long-run business . Moreover , if we are paying Gross Receipts taxes and didn't include them into our customer costs than we made a mistake . This is a cost of our business . Let's talk . Jim
Jo Ann -- Do you know if Dan Staines has an active Employment Contract ?
Charles -- After our conversation today , I thought that I'd outline some Q&A topics for you to consider -- 1 . How does NERC define "security" ? ( important to differentiate between national security and system security) . 2 . What is NERC's role in national security ? 3 . Will RTOs degrade national security ? system security ? 4 . What does Enron think about calls to restrict access to network information such as transmission maps ? 5 . Does Enron oppose additional emphasis on securing electricity infrastructure ? This Q&A should not be released to the public . I think this is just to make sure that all of Govt Affairs is on the same page and our DC team has good answers to hard questions . Thanks .
I'm on my way to DC . Please ask my asst to set a good time to call with you on Wed . Thanks
Unless Jean hears otherwise , I don't think that Enron needs to be doing anything that conflicts with the key policy arrangement on the marketer being the customer of record for the T&D services . Jim
What does Mike Roan think? ? Also , will they help pay for our "natural market study" in the SE? ? Jim
Lisa -- Give me a call about this and Item #1 below . Jim
Please print and ensure that Jose Bestard has this info . Jim
Have we done my travel for NERC meeting in Vancouver ? Jim
Looks good . Why doesn't EPSA propose a timeline for the FERC to order ? This could be a signal that we only want one "rule change" date . Also , maybe we can build in Kevin's argument about uncertainty hurting liquidity and market dynamics right now . Jim
The statements . Jim
Rick -- You indicated that NERC disavowed their discussions with the press about national security and RTOs to NB ( I may have misheard you) . I think these attachments would prove otherwise . Finally , I'm sure that RJ Rudden is just fronting for Southern . Jim
Paul -- Can we have a phone call with our Reg team on Friday to make sure that everything is a-ok ? I want one final run through . If yes , please let me know by phone and I'll ask Linda Noske to set up the call . Also , I owe you a call on Sue / Jeff . Are you in Thurs ? Jim
haven't checked voice mail at home - in DC . have time to talk right now on phone ? Jim
Jeff -- How about a call tomorrow to discuss ? Jim
FYI . The first memo .
Here is my proposed budget . Jim
Mike Roan and Tom Hoatson would be the best . Jim
Lynnette -- Please talk with Pat Keene about Nevada . Some customers will have access . Jim
This is a non-ERCOT Texas utility . Jim
Rick -- Belden is in Houston next Wednesday and a number of the Western team is going to visit with him about current status and issues . Also , he wants to get more info on the PJM model . Congress has re-scheduled the hearing on Reliability for the same time . Can you attend the Belden meeting in Houston ( Presto is coming for the PJM model discussion) ? Jim
Dave -- Do we have a strong preference for what DSTAR utilities should do ? I think that we want to communicate with OMTR and others at FERC to push a single RTO in the West ( leaving CA ) outside . Also , having the Transco originally within the RTO West makes alot of operational sense and should not limit the economics of the Transco . Jim
Rick -- Please see attached . Lot's of $$ from CA . Jim
Thanks Dave . The critical things for us to take-away are the key priorities for the Desk moving forward . On this , I want to make sure that Kevin and Tim are comfortable with the evolving process of implementing RTOs - Option 1: wait till completely ready or Option 2: start with basic and "improve" . Thanks , Jim
Becky -- My only question is one of emphasis . Are points 3&4 the key for Barry T. ? If so , should we move them up higher ? Also , why the very lenghthy discussion of pooling points ? The length makes the points after that discussion hard to appreciate . Maybe a list of bullet points up front ? Jim
Should we add a Project titled "Interconnection NOPR" for Susan Lindberg ? Jim
Susan -- Can we sit down tomorrow or Monday for 30 minutes to discuss . Maybe at 11am Friday . Want to get an idea of the timing and our position . Thanks , Jim
Please put on my calendar and arrange travel/hotel . Thanks
Mary -- As we discussed , please find a list of our project team leads on on-going wholesale matters . Thanks , Jim
Could you please find out what group Carlos works with and pass him some information ? Thanks , Jim
Info you wanted . Jim
Thanks for the info . Not sure what we're doing . I'll pass this along . Jim
Please consider this candidate for the position . Jim
Probably want to talk with Jay Lewis and other product leads ? I'll get some names . Jim
Did you attend ? Did we file comments ? Jim
Thanks for the info . We need to push for other good load programs in PJM and New England . Jim
Guys -- We need to quickly put together some talking points on how to respond to AEP's request for delay until 2003 . My understanding is that AEP in Texas is wholly outside of ERCOT ( if wrong - please inform) . AEP needs only to file a good amendment to the FERC OATT ( or SPP needs to do it for them ) ASAP . My basic model for provisioning of energy for retail competition in non-ERCOT Texas is that delivery to the border of the OATT provider ( for instance delivering a into-Entergy product into Arkansas and paying for losses would be sufficient for delivery into the Woodlands) . Jean was going to call Luiz to get this issue on the burner . Thanks
Paul -- What happens if BPA doesn't join ? Jim
Pls come by at 11am .
Agreed . In fact , my understanding is that the ERCOT protocols state that if congestion is greater than $20 MM / year the model would change . The market has reached $100 MM . Jim
Dave -- Can you please send to Rick Shapiro the agenda for next Wednesday's meeting ? Thanks , Jim
HERE ARE THE FINAL SLIDES .
Wade -- Home 281-759-8270 Cell 713-851-2499
We should also make sure that Paul Kaufman and Pat Keene attend . Thanks
Thanks for the info . I'll leave in your and Leslie's capable hands . Jim
Sarah -- Should we try and lobby any of these witnesses prior to next week ? I was thinking about John Meyer and Peter Cramton specifically . Jim
I'd have Susan Lindberg and Charles take on this . Jim
John -- On this bill , I would think that as far as our competitive businesses go , we should work through EPSA . Better to have the industry speaking with one voice . To that end , do we know where EPSA is on this - Reliant and Mirant will have a much larger impact . Finally , we probably will need this ability for our Control Area operators . Jim
I think that Kerry Stroup is handling non-MISO/ARTO midwest matters .
John -- I'm heading up tomorrow . Do we need a call today to make sure that my ducks are still in a row ? I don't have the Barton draft handy . Jim
Shirleen -- Can you please send me the most recent version ? Thanks .
Pls get with Susan to make sure coverage is appropriate . Jim
Sounds good to me . I'm out on Wednesday but in the rest of the week . Jim
My comments -- I assume that in the Enron filing we will make a stronger argument for sticking with the 12-15-02 date ? Also , critical to highlight that the FERC should have one "major" change date , not multiple given the liquidity problems with significant regulatory change . Finally , break out competitive retailers in the list of the ONE RTO Coalition . Every state inside this region ( except VT ) has competitive retail access . Furthering this effort with further the policy directions of the states by lowering wholesale prices and making business "easier" for companies like EES . We should play this up . We are really pushing hard on the physical retail gen side in NYC and Boston and taking another look at PA and MD - this is the real benefit - that consumers' bills go down . I didn't see that language on consumer benefits . Jim
Thanks for the info . Please stay closely linked with the RTO Week activities to try and read Wood's questions . Also , John Meyer from Reliant is testifying . What will be his position ? Should we talk with him this week to coordinate and try and move him the right way ? Wasn't he the head of Congestion Management in ERCOT originally ? I think this is Wood trying to ask him how ERCOT works . What will he say ? Thanks , Jim
Sarah -- Pls coordinate with Kerry Stroup . He is the Mike Roan of the Upper Midwest . Jim
FYI
Is this moving forward ? Jim
Sue and Jeff -- I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( for customers already on DA) . Can we discuss this today or soon thereafter . My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this ( maybe? ) and our #1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state . Any news on how SCE and SDG&E will move forward ? Thanks .
Janine -- I have not yet talked to Kerry about this but the Translink is moving forward . Will you do it today ? Jim
FYI
Please do . Jim
Howard -- If the ONE RTO doesn't have a day-ahead market , what happens ? Jim
Thanks .
If you need anything else , please let me know . Jim
Talk with John Shelk in our DC office . Jim
Ban -- Sorry to take so long to reply . Family is fine post NYC attacks . Not sure if we have any needs right now . I'll keep you in mind as the Budget / Staffing moves forward . Take care , Jim
Looks fine . Thanks for everything . Jim
Thane -- Pls work with Christi and Sarah to find a time to call John . Jim
Before I send this Louise , I'd like your thoughts . The element that drives the EA # higher than I would have thought is the large number of people who are working on RTO and NERC only matters . I've made a decision to assign these people to EA rather than spread to EES . I could change if you think appropriate . Thanks , Jim
Lisa - Please include G . Canovas in these discussions going forward . Thanks .
Sure . Jim
Dasovich this is in your court . Jim
I looked at it today on the plane . I don't see any issues although we are in the middle of budget process and will see if this impacts this request . Jim
Need to also include the moneys owed to Enron and its affiliates related to the wholesale power transactions . We should also seek to clarify the language about us supporting the PE Advice Letter proposal on going-forward . Jim
The EWS West Power URM desk will need to determine the $$ at stake and help us manage our financial exposure and the appropriate policy response . It's their $$ . So far , my understanding from the desk is that our current policy recommendations ( as outlined in the Mike Smith memo ) are the "preferred" outcome - I'll reconfirm . Jim
Rick -- This is the spreadsheet . Jim
Louise -- Here is the analysis on how many Govt Affairs' FTEs work on Enron Americas matters . The bottom line = 67 Professionals in group / 29 FTEs on Enron Americas . Call if you want additional information . Also , I am trying to arrange a meeting for this Friday to discuss our next Monthly Update ( which I am finishing hopefully tomorrow) . Thanks , Jim
perfect .
Pat -- I received your voice mail . Will be testifying this morning . I will try and call later today . Thanks , Jim
Fine . I still think that any obligation is a mistake . Just improving a bad market is not going to help . Make sure that Dan Allegretti is in the loop . NEPOOL is putting something like this together . Jim
On point #1 - I think that at the end of the day , FERC will not deal with the Negative CTC directly . All they will do is reset prices . The Utilities and the CPUC will then have to decide the legality and the equity of modifying the PX Credit and hence the Negative CTC . We have tried in the CA Refund process to highlight the fact that much of the "high" prices were due to inappropriate policy and actions of the CPUC , Governor , and Utilities . The core problem with this line of argument is that the Refund process didn't ask the first question - what or who is to blame . It simply took dysfunction and ran . We are trying in the context of the Rehearing case to ask FERC to restart with the right question . Also , remember that we aren't going to have a solution in the FERC case until sometime next year , probably after SCE gets its money . Finally , I think that the right policy decision is not to "re-bill" Negative CTC but rather to prospectively recover the costs . On point #2 - See point above . I doubt , however , that all "high" prices can be seen as just a result of underscheduling . Jim
FYI .
Fair points . My dogma machine is running at high today . Don't disagree with your thoughts . Let's get the answer that works for the business for the long-term . Jim
Diann -- I agree with Bob . Please let us know as soon as possible if SCE is willing to discuss this fairly . Jeanne -- I guess that we would update our Complaint if need be ? Thanks , Jim
I think it's a fair statement that Enron doesn't currently support the Barton language . On this issue , I would argue that any penalty imposed should remain the purview of FERC and its procedures . Jim
Mike -- Let's discuss . I don't want to overextend our involvement to all regional reliability councils and all working groups . If the MAPP RTC is critical , let's understand why and staff as best we can . Jim
Jim -- Do have a final copy for my files ? I assume that we submitted ? Jim
I agree with John Shelk to not attack the CBO report . While the CBO again and again relies upon academic studies to state that generators "may" have withheld power , the basic argument is that "DEREGULATION ITSELF NOT FAIL; RATHER , IT WAS NEVER ACHEIVED." In addition , the paper states that "MUCH OF THE BLAME FOR CALIFORNIA'S ELECTRICITY CRISIS ATTACHES TO THE STATE'S RESTRUCTURING PLAN -- BUT NOT TO ITS OBJECTIVE , ELECTRICITY DEREGULATION." In addition , California's response of "DIRECTLY INTERVENING IN THE MARKET -- A RESPONSE THAT COULD PROVE COSTLY TO ELECTRICITY CONSUMERS AND TAXPAYERSI hope that we can use this to persuade FERC that they are missing the boat on the Refund case . The CBO has now stated publicly that the fundamental market conditions and the State's poor plan and actions created the financial and political crisis . The CBO finds that "WHOLESALE ELECTRICITY PRICES WERE HIGHER THAN THEY PROBABLY WOULD HAVE BEEN IN A TRADITIONALLY REGULATED MARKET OR A MORE FULLY DEREGULATED MARKET"..because "FEATURES OF THE RESTRUCTURING PLAN LIMITED THE RESPONSIVENESS OF THE SUPPLY AND DEMAND SIDES OF THE ELECTRICITY MARKET." Seems to me that we need to devise a strategy to get this message out ( together with our details of the policy failures) . This CBO report clearly undercuts the "political" arguments of the Davis administration who had every opportunity to fix the plan and who has now not only bought into horrible long-term contracts but has passed through 100% of the high costs to consumers . Jim
Today after the Hearing I attended lunch with John Anderson and Phil Harris . One of the primary points of discussion involved what to do to respond to the NERC legislative efforts ? Basically we agreed that a straightforward delegation of authority over reliability to FERC made sense for all of the groups . Agreeing to that , the idea is to review the Bingaman language and see if our groups could agree to that language . I think that internally Enron is already there?? ? John Shelk , if you could pls send out the language to everyone on this e-mail to get agreement that would be very helpful . I'll let you know how we next proceed . If anyone has any problems , please let me know . Thanks .
Lisa -- Who should I send this guy to ? Tim Battaglia ? Thanks .
Lisa -- I haven't forgotten about trying to find a name . Was on vacation in early October . I will ask around for the right name . Hope Roger and you are doing well . Grace is keeping Marianna and me very busy - she's now 19 months and pretty much runs the whole house . Talk with you soon , Jim
Sarah & Christi -- Let's make sure that we get our comments together prior to the phone call . How about a phone call at 8:30 am CDT on Friday ? Also , probably don't need everyone on the EPSA call so maybe we should organize our participation ? Pls let me know . Jim
Steve -- We did originally file that the replacement for the PX Credit should be the DJ Index . My recollection is that we did withdraw this argument , however I've include Sue Mara on this to double check . If we haven't , I'd guess that is no longer URM's position ? Jim
FYI . Probably too early for you guys . Jim
Not that I know ? Jim
David -- My thoughts . I would change the section "Reliability" to "Operations" . The Current framework is Non-standardized; Poor Seams Interface Under Access to Transmission I would change it to say that "Not all Users on the System take service in a non-discriminatory manner." Utilities can't discriminate versus like users . Under Generation - I would change "optional" to Optimal . I don't also understand the 99% . Easier to say 100%* * - Public Power recipricoity issues . Thanks , Jim
thanks .
Ok . Thanks . I hope that Lora can send a copy . Jim
Yes . Peter is the one who I spoke with . My testimony went fine . Me too . Jim
Steve -- Got a note from EES that there was a Energy Summit in MA to discuss next steps of restructuring today . The meeting is today . Are you going ? Did anyone go ? Thanks
thanks .
Thanks Janine . Also , please keep Paul Kaufman and Jean Ryall in the loop . We need to make sure that we do this nationally . Thanks . Jim
FYI
This is especially problematic given that EES and ENA can not comply with the reqts as defined . Jim
Agree . In fact this was John Anderson's only problem . My position would be to simplify Bingaman's language to not define any organization . Jim
Thanks .
Janine -- I want to make sure that our comments allow both a retail option and a wholesale option . Let's also focus the PUCO on the fact that bidding leading to negotiations is the best solution , allows for creativity . Jim
Please coordinate on this . Jim
Here is my testimony . I have one attachment that is being sent via fax . Thanks , Jim
Attached is the testimony that I filed today asking thh PUC of Texas to open the retail markets in the SPP territory . Thanks , Jim
The best outcome is that there is an obligation to dispose of load through this but the mechanism is negotiated . Jim
I read the same . It was crazy . Their solution is to tell us to do what we said didn't make sense . We won't give the FERC made up information . Jim
Thanks for the draft . Will circulate internally and respond . Jim
Here is PJM's attempt at NERC language . I think it makes sense for us to support this . Jim
My understanding is that we are going to work Ark . Jim
Mary Lynne - Do you need anything on this ? Jim
How about Wednesday Oct 17 next week at 9am ? Jim
Thanks . No major issues . Jim
Thanks but my group has an all day budget meeting . Maybe some other time . Jim
Yes . Her name is Linda Noske .
What does this mean? ? Jim
Harry & Christi -- We need to be coordinating on this . You both met with these people at different times . I don't want to be creating work or stepping on each other . I don't think there is any problem , but let's sit down and coordinate . Thanks , Jim
Please let me know what we're doing on this ? You are the Project Lead . Go get 'em . Jim
Sarah -- You're call on working with EPSA . Get everything you can . I don't understand how "new services" is moving fast enough . Jim
Sorry . I'll be in Austin testifying . Jim
good luck
Guillermo - Before you send any letters , please make sure that Steve Montovano is the in loop . He manages that region . Jim
Change the language on Operations to include . ..Coordination of Service and Planning for Transmission . . . Thanks , Jim
No . Although the lack of a concrete decision is a "decision" - just not one we like . Our goal is to get this dealt with by end of November . Jim
Christi -- Some interesting language for the ICAP team . Please forward along . Jim
Jeff -- In a budget meeting , will call this afternoon unless something critical . Thanks , Jim
Sorry that I didn't get to you sooner . The head of the group is Tim Battaglia who is the best person to work with . Jim
Not really . I tried to get to talk to her but never could get an opportunity . Jim
Didn't get invited . Are you going ? I don't plan on sending anything - do you think we should even though we didn't get any invitations ? Jim
I'll play the cheap course . Jim
Ray -- Looks very good . We need to stress the points on what we need FERC to do -- fix their mistakes in the Rehearing . One other point , maybe we should stress that FERC could open these proceedings and not delay the decision because the Cal ISO is taking so long . Also , don't be shy about describing how the process is going so slowly and the "abuses" of the Cal ISO and its lack of independence . Jim
Jose & Charles -- Thanks for the update . I am concerned that "customers" are talking about having NERC deal with commercial matters without first agreeing to FERC's control over everything ? We should discuss the Goulding Report when you return . Jim
Let me know about how you intend to move forward . Probably the same team as the CA reporting . Also , what did AGA do with its Storage Figure Report ? I heard that they cancelled the publication . Jim
Sure .
Thanks . We will discuss in context of State review . Jim
FYI . Call Jeff if you have more questions . Jim
Does this make sense ? Jim
I'll go to the Houston meeting . Jim
Should this go into Janine's efforts on Markets ? Jim
Thanks . I want to talk about this on the "Consultants" call with Linda Robertson . Should we push this argument or leave the FERC with its infirmities ? I believe that we can work away at many of our concerns in the "should refunds be reqd" phase . Jim
Jeff -- Look at the letter . I see no issues . Call me with your thoughts . Jim
Thanks for the information . At this time , I don't think that I am interested in any reports . Jim
Please put in swepco file for thurs .
Pls put in SWEPCO file . Jim
Linda -- Pls include in the file . Jim
Pls put in my SWEPCO folder .
FYI
I think that this is a good step but we need to remember that NERC in the commercial sector may not prove to be the end all . Also , while RTOs may enforce the standards or set the standards , not sure if we want one organization doing both . Jim
Any time you want to you should feel free . Jim
Did we decide not to join with anyone else ? Jim
HERE IS THE REPORT . Jim
Great idea . My key points would be that ( a ) FERC needs to push ahead with its "right sized" RTOs and ( b ) focus on standardizing the tariff and market design [no more collaborative efforts] . Two simple , easy to understand thoughts . Also , I think that it's a mistake to use the term "large RTOs" . We don't want large RTOs . We want RTOs that cover natural markets and benefit consumers . Jim
Looks good . Is there a timeline on when FERC may act ( or at least when the Audit ) will be final ? Is this information confidential ? Should we be working the trade press ? Thanks , Jim
If FERC agrees , does this hurt our retail business and the implementation of our retail gen product next year ? Jim
Steve -- What's up with GA PSA Wise wanting to open marketers books ? Saw this in Gas Daily today . Any info is helpful . Jim
There are some Commodity meetings . One with Jim Wood and one with Greg Sharp . Harry , can you please call and get on these meeting schedules ? Also , Guillermo Canovas and Melinda Pharms are going to the EES gas meeting weekly . Jim
Damon -- Good idea . I'm out early next week . How about next Thursday ? Jim
Seems reasonable to me that we tell NERC they can't "make a land grab" . How about EPSA and ELCON signing a letter together to the Chairman of NERC Board ? Jim
Christi -- DQE provides some level of audit capability to ensure that the costs are fair and apppropriate . PGE may not have a resource specific system lambda but AW may be able to explain how they would implement something like this . I know AW from some other issues so if things don't go well let me know . Also , please keep Alan Comnes in the loop . Thanks , Jim
Thanks .
With the discussions at NERC recently to broaden their role , I think that we need to be very coordinated on our EISB message and begin to figure out how we get AGA to work with the Retail Gas and EEI/UBR to work with the Retail Power quadrants . Let's think about a NARUC message to drive this very quickly ( maybe at the next meeting) . Having one body begin to coordinate all of these matters will greatly expand our policy reach . Thanks , Jim
Are these papers consistent with Enron's positions ? Jim
No . Jim Steffes
What do you think? ? Jim
Jean -- The PUCT voted to delay for SPP markets . Not sure about Entergy . Any news ? Can you send out something to the business people ? Jim
Your thoughts ? Jim
It is critical to win this case . Sounds to me that Dynegy wants ICAP in the Midwest . Jim
Sounds reasonable . Would the same be true about the DST case ? If we lose , without the PPO what do we have ? Jim
Pls call Steve . Jim
Alan -- What about a simple price cap ( ala PJM ) of $250/Mwh rather than a gas-index deriviative ? Just a thought , do whatever the desk thinks is right . Jim
sounds good . pls talk with Bob Frank about his involvement in this group . Jim
The first order of business is getting the cost/benefit analysis done . Once we have that study , let's go to press . Jim
thanks .
Can we have breakfast Wednesday morning at the Park Hyatt to discuss where we are and necessary next steps ? Given Southern's statements ( as well as others) , this is the key analysis that would hold up this from moving forward . Jim
Pat -- Are we doing dinner with Keith Tuesday ? Jim
My Top 5 1. ( )  *Up to the minute restructuring data . 2. ( )  Catalog of Enron public documents [policy talking points , handouts] 3. ( )  Thumbnail analyses by industry experts on various topics 4. ( )  *Enron formal documents [filings , comments , testimony] 5 . Other - CUSTOMER NEWSLETTER / MONTHLY POLICY POSITION "push"
ok . I'm booked all week but next week I can do it . Jim
Yes . And I'll need clubs ( right handed) . Thanks for doing this , Jim
Any idea when this will be rescheduled ? Jim
Tom -- Where do we stand with this ? Jim
A few notes . 1 . Be cautious about divestiture . Remember we own pipes and a electric LDC . 2 . Agree with you that we don't want Utility in merchant role - key issue . 3 . POLR issue involves getting pricing right . Why don't you put together a note to the CAEM that we can send as our thoughts . Just the Top 5 issues . Jim
Try to respond end of the week . I'd like to see your drafts . Jim
This evening and stay until Wed pm . Jim
I didn't get the attachment . If you want my thoughts , please let me know . Jim
Thanks for the update . It is disappointing that AGA is not opening the process , although the final EISB Retail Gas standards will need to be vetted by an ANSI group so we'll get our comments in one way or the other . Also , what are we doing to get the different states to adopt these protocols across the board ? Seems like pushing NARUC to agree that this is the right vehicle makes sense . Thanks , Jim
Thanks Luiz . As a follow-up , I'd like to be on record as saying that the PUCT wasted my time in flying to Austin ( when plane travel is not secure , I'd add ) and not even listening to my statements . Why bring us if they had already made the decision ? Also , I don't know who is going to pay for more Market Readiness work in SPP unless AEP agrees to pay our costs . The customers pay for their activities . Jim
Sounds good . Please make sure that Jeff Brown in EES is kept in the loop if this gets close to goal line . Jim
No , but I'm happy to ride with almost anyone . Jim
Wanda -- Who do I need to call at EPMI West Power to discuss the following - We are considering proposing a Settlement for SCE . The language we are considering on the Negative CTC is as follows . Does this help or hurt ? Do we have "final ISO invoices" ? Please call me . Jim
Lisa -- Let me know what you decide . Jim
Barbara -- What's up with TN ? Did we ever solve the issue with Stokes Bartholomew funding with the commercial team ? Jim
Thanks . Jim
Mike -- I'd shorten the letter to one page by simply referencing the State Commission's letter and issues . Don't we want to also work on pushing a Mediation ( or some other solution ) right now ? Donna -- Pls check with Linda R . about filing . It's important but let's make sure our overall FERC strategy is consistent . Jim
Ok . I may call Keith anyway . Jim
Randy -- Last minute , I'm coming to DC today through Wednesday afternoon . Any chance to grab dinner or a beer ? You're probably swamped , but thought I'd check . I'm staying at Park Hyatt ( 24 and M ) - leave a number if it works 202-419-6795 . Thanks , Jim
Leaving for airport - can we talk in am?? ? Jim
Thanks . If you need any additional support pls let me know . Also , pls send my best to Thane and his family . Jim
Vicki -- I will be in town on Thursday and available to meet . Assuming that the meeting won't go for more than 1 - 1.5 hours , I'd be happy to attend . Thanks , Jim
Yes . I've called Keith and he says he can also go . Please call Lora Sullivan 202-466-9142 to arrange a time . I'm good whenever . Jim
I think that EES would like to send out some regulatory information on a regular basis . Maybe qty instead of monthly . Nothing formal right now . Jim
Randy -- Dinner is at 7:45 pm at Cashion's Eat Place - 1819 Columbia . Keith is coming . Call me on my cell phone at 713-851-2499 with any problems . Hope to see you there . Jim
FYI .
Charles & Jose -- The spinmisters are already at work . People at FERC thought we had bought into the "new NERC" Enron DOES NOT SUPPORT NERC in working through commercial issues . We need to develop our opinions of where to go next , but right now you can respond to Dave Nevius that we still don't believe that NERC and its process/organziation is the right vehicle . We are willing to find a way to do this , but we can't have the same SRO bullshit that they have been saying for 3 years . Sorry I missed the call . I'll talk with you guys Friday . Jim
No . Talk with Pat Keene and/or Leslie Lawner . We haven't done much on Arizona lately . Jim
Jeff -- I'd leave the number blank for all parties to be discussed between the different parties . Best way would be to have some Attachments for the amount that the companies can sign after everything else . Don't want Dan Douglas to know the $$$ before Richard Sanders oks . Jim
Roy -- Do we need to run a more thorough legal analysis to check ? I trust your thoughts . I just don't want to be left hanging . I'd rather spend $2500 now than have this come back and bite us in the $%*@ . Jim
I think when you add the publics into Southern they'll hit 40k . It may make sense to send this question to Intellibridge . We have their resource . Call Margaret Allen in Houston she'll have their number . Jim
thanks .
FYI . Jim
Pat -- If you're in on Friday , let's sit down for 15 . Thanks , Jim
Fine by me . Not sure if I'd make so much of the recent FERC statements - may come true if we don't keep a straightforward message .
Agree .
Jeff -- How would we calculate EES' "contribution" to SCE undercollection ? Jim
How about 1pm Friday afternoon ? You on a plane . Jim
We ( Marianna and I ) decided that with the new baby on the way - not sure if you knew this - that now wasn't the time to head to DC . Although with the stock price and company in shambles , maybe it would be a more "conservative" bet . Hope you're doing well . Jim
No big deal . Next time I'm in town I'll give you a little more notice . Hope things are going well at State - for what it's worth , I think it would be a total mistake for America to stop our hunt for Osama during the Muslim religious month...I don't think the grieving families in NYC and around the Pentagon are going to stop their mourning for their loved ones during that timeframe . Just one opinion out of millions . Take care , Jim
I would like to schedule a phone call with Nick and the PUCT staff to understand the implication of this.. . Maybe he isn't asking for too much , but let's get some clarity before we say anything at FERC . Can you please set something up with you , Christi , Jean and me for Friday pm and then we'll go outside next week? ? Jim
Linda -- Pls set up a 30 minute meeting with Melinda tomorrow . Thanks
I know that SCE is taking this position . They are simple wrong . Unless and until we get all of our "positive" CTC back from the Utility , why should I even begin to consider their "goofy" arguments . In addition , SCE is receiving $3.3 B which is a full payment of all Negative CTC . If their issue is to have a Undercollection charge against all customers , that's a different policy matter . The CPUC agreed to the idea of Negative CTC and SCE needs to pay . Also , if we are 5% of load and the Undercollection is $3.3 B , I think that SCE would be looking for $165 MM - our entire claim . They aren't talking about 5% from our view $150 MM claim . Jim
Thanks . We're happy but Marianna is extremely sick - all day . Enron could see $10 easily . It's very bad!!!! ! Jim
Good work .
FYI
Great job . What are the back out rates for CH going forward ? Any improvement in the market ? Jim
I'm back in Thursday am . Let's beat the heck out of Dynegy on this case . Jim
We have not made public the SCE amount ( as far as I'm aware) . We need to make sure that IR is in the loop - I think that Mark Koenig is following this issue . Jim
Great job Leslie . Let's keep up the pressure . Jim
May be some value here when all over .
We should the testimony at FERC in the ARTO docket . By pushing FERC to get with the program and by pushing ARTO to use a better CM model , we'll get leverage . Taking it to the PUCO is a nice step , but I don't think that they are going to change the current ARTO program . By the way , where is the PUCO on ARTO / MISO issues ? Thanks , Jim
Isn't there a better option for all of the ComEd issues - open the legislation?? ? Why not talk with ComEd about this?? ? Jim
Are we winning ? Any movement on our issues ? Jim
I would think that we should take the time to talk with local counsel or other "allies" to get a feel for the chances in AZ . I also think that the difficulty in AZ will be a physical problem with getting transmission service - no RTO . It would be great to have a thorough analysis of problems in every open market just to know what the issues are . Jim
I'll be at my desk .
Yes . Although probably more useful ( if we have a smoking gun ) in the Legislative arena . DOE has no authority over TVA . Jim
Joe -- Let us know . Jim
David - You should contact Mike Smith in EES legal . He is the one to respond to this allegation . My fax is 713-646-8160 . Jim
Agreed . Need to talk this morning about our exposures . Jim
Bill -- Steve Kean needs to talk with some analysts today about our CA exposures . Can you send me your most recent information on our wholesale and Negative CTC exposures as soon as possible ? Call me with questions . Jim
Wade -- Attached are some additions . Looks fine . Mary Lynne Ruffer has the most recent Negative CTC numbers ( my understanding is $405MM for PG&E and $100MM for SCE as of today) . Jim
Linda -- Please put on my calendar that I will not travel or go out of town for all of May 2002 . I will be in Houston during this period . Thanks
Craig -- As we discussed yesterday , we would be very interested in a memo outlining a work product that would document the cost/benefit of RTOs . If you have any questions , please don't hesitate to call me at 713-853-7673 . Thanks . Jim
Sue - Received your voice mail . Having AReM only file is ok with me . Spoke with Lamar Frazier - Jeremy sounds worried . Let's make sure that the contract question is vetted with internal and external lawyers - agree not to give CPUC any info . Thanks , Jim
FYI . You may want to send out to RTO team . Jim
Thanks .
Jeremy -- To let you know where we stand on the CPUC's Investigation on DA Suspension . 1 . Sue Mara is leading the effort to respond to the CPUC for Enron . 2 . We knew that the CPUC was at a minimum going to investigate how and/or whether to allow extensions of contracts and the application of other surcharge $$ to DA load given their earlier statements . The issue on retroactivity is open primarily because they can ask these questions and ( I believe ) as leverage for other issues . 3 . We are coordinating with the big customers who recently left . They are marshalling forces to oppose any retroactivity . This is as much their fight as it is ours . 4 . At this time , Enron will file as a member of AReM . We intend to oppose the CPUC's request for our contracts and transaction information . If you want any other info or want to discuss further , let me know . Jim
Vince -- I see that you are on the panel on market monitoring . Dave Perrino and Alan Comnes are following the issue for Enron in the Western power markets as RTOs are formed . It may make sense for some people from Govt Affairs to talk with you to discuss current issues and focus of FERC and others ? If we can get together , please let me know a good time . Also , the attached paper from EPSA on Market Monitoring is something we support through our trade association . Thanks , Jim
Steve -- What's up? ? Jim
Here are my thoughts . Use as you see fit . Jim
Let me know . I'd talk with APS just to find out more details . If we do , let's take Dave Perrino our wholesale guy to also talk about RTOs . Jim
Some more information would be nice . These seem low . Jim
Agreed . Jim
I think that California needs to make a final decision on whether it wants competitive markets or not . I wonder if PURPA has anything to say about meeting incremental Utility needs and what that does to the CDWR contracts ? I don't see Enron getting engaged in this quagmire unless there is a clear business reason . Jim
If made to choose , I'm for Option a ) below . Jim
Thanks .
Thanks for moving ahead . Jim
Agreed . Pls make sure the PUCT understands this . Jim
Will do .
What record will FERC file today?? ? This is crazy . Ray please call me when you get in . Jim
Who at Reliant said this?? ? I'd let them go forward and we'll do our own . Jim
Guillermo -- I should sign the letter . Also , we should be consistent on affiliates given EPMI and Enron Gas Mktg . We are affiliates of a pipeline . We offer competitive services on the affiliated pipelines . Let's be consistent with our own business . When are you going to send the letter ? Jim
Sarah -- Do we need to replace Tom on the Reg Project list? ? Jim
What did we do on this? ? Jim
Rogers -- Harry Kingerski informed me that you and some team members were going to visit ConEd to discuss the Benchmark Rate Swap . I think it's a great idea ( Scott Gahn and I had discussed something similar a few years ago when he ran URM) . My only thoughts for you would be: 1 ) maybe difficult to do the swap with the Utility ( given PUC oversight) , but the Holding company should be in the same place financially and should be protected from PUC scrutiny and 2 ) being long T&D ( assuming that you don't sell 100% of the position to customers ) creates interesting regulatory questions . I'd love to sit down with you to discuss this product . Jim
Any luck on my password? ? Jim
Mike -- When you have the list of customers we should contact , please let me know . I should try and get back with Ashley today . Jim
Chip -- Did you get the chance to look at the combined company ? Just interested . Thanks
Dale -- Right now I'm in all of next week ( although may have to travel on Thursday) . Jim
Linda -- Pls arrange a room for a visit from Ken Malloy on Nov 6 at 8:30 am . Thanks , Jim
Bob -- Where do we stand on the SCE stipulation ? I want to make sure that our push in SCE doesn't conflict or contradict something we are doing in the PG&E discussions . Can we meet today ? Jim
Susan -- Please talk with Jeff Golden and the EES Dist Generation group to get their take as well . Thanks , Jim
Scott -- Any thoughts on this merger?? ? I would love to know how the financials would look post merger .
Charles -- My final edits . Let's talk . Also , please let John Shelk and Sarah look at before sending to EPSA . Jim
I will let Ashley Brown know . Do you have phone numbers for these guys ? Also , NG is willing to do a conference call late Wednesday or meeting on Thursday . What do you think ? Jim
How about 2:30 CST ? Jim
Sounds good . Should we put out a note through Ginger that indicates the changes?? ? Jim
How about 2pm EST - 1pm CST ? Jim
FYI . EPSA looks interested in undertaking a cost-benefit analysis . As soon as I hear more , I'll give everyone the info . Jim
Thanks . I want you on the call . Try to do Wednesday pm conference call . Jim
Thanks . We have some relationship with Trans-elect - supported Trans-elect on the NG question of managing member of ARTO . If you want to sit down with them , let me know . Jim
3 is better . Jim
Ashley - We would prefer ( given the schedules ) to hold a conference call on Wednesday pm with a group of marketers/generators . Seems like the easiest way to discuss with everyone . It would be great to have a paper from NG earlier in the week . Here is our list of recommended people . Probably best to have NG or you call to invite ( rather than Enron ) to highlight your interest in brokering a deal in the Midwest . Constellation ( Harvey Reed ) 410 468 3480 Edison Mission Energy ( Reem Fahey ) 312 583 6033 Thanks , Jim
Tom -- You may at some time want to cross train on NYISO rules - especially as the region integrates . Thanks , Jim
Dave -- Pat Keene is working on a number of issues before the NV Commission on retail access and unbundling ( one thing being the implementation of DA for C&I) . Can you please reach out to him to help on some transmission issues involved in retail competition . Thanks , Jim
What lobbying did Enron do last year with regard to EnronOnline and the Commodity Futures Modernization Act ?
thanks .
FYI . Steve you may want to be on this call . Jim
Seems to me that we need to engage in AZ ( along with NV and OR? ) in the Western states to try and push competition forward . Why don't we first assemble a ( 1 ) what we know - what we don't know memo and then ( 2 ) look at oppotunities to push our agenda . Leslie - everyone is looking to you to lead us to the promised land in AZ.. . GO GET 'EM!!!!! ! Jim
Mike -- How about lunch at 11:30 - meet in the lobby ? Jim
Ricardo -- I tried to call this morning - no answer . Pls give me a call today . Jim
Sorry -- I need to be in Houston both days . Jim
FYI
Fine . Everything's crazy at Enron . Just trying to keep my head down . Thanks , Jim
Do all REPs have to report this information - including our customer complaints ? Even if we only serve non-PTB customers ? Who is tracking this internally assuming we have to file it ? Do the business people understand this obligation ? Jim
Ok . It seems that ( 1 ) we should try and get a handle on AZ - Leslie Lawner please put something together and ( 2 ) need a Market Plan on NV - Pat Keene put together . Paul , I appreciate the issue with OR but I'd like to know what is the opportunity and make sure that PGE is not destroying our chances - Christi got wind of a Imbalance pgm that was punative to marketers . Who can we meet with to discuss ? Jim
Following last week's meeting , here is my recommendation on how to proceed with SCE . 1 . Form Enron Negotiation Team My recommendation is to use the same team we used with PG&E + Jeff Dasovich . My understanding was that Lisa M . was the lead negotiator - I would not change this . Jeff should only be there to make introductions . Sue Mara and Jeff Dasovich will listen and report back to everyone on what happens . 3 . Reformed Stipulation I would propose that we take a wait and see approach to this document . Based on Dasovich's idea to get together with SCE on Thursday , maybe let this ride . 4 . Meeting My understanding is that ( Jeff D . please correct ) SCE can meet with us this Thursday . Can everyone make it that needs to be there ? Probably meet in California . We should put the laundry list on the table . Please let me know what else we need to discuss or if anyone disagrees . Thanks , Jim
To discuss this outline and our issues list , can people attend a 2pm Houston Time call . The meet and confer may be on-going , but maybe either Jeff or Sue can jump off . Linda Noske will be sending out a call-in number . Thanks , Jim
FYI .
Nancy -- I don't understand . Will this delay the opening of the ERCOT Tx market?? ? We must do everything possible to open the market on time - Jan 1 2002 . Jim
We also need to check reporting for post Jan 1 . Gloria can you make sure that Rebecca Fite knows this . Jim
I was hoping to meet with PGE ( but will hold off it is imprudent) . Christi has reviewed something . I'll loop her in to find out all the details . Jim
Christi -- What's the latest on the PGE imbalance method? ? Jim
My fault for not making it clear that you should have been in the loop . We will send out a message across the board to help with this . Jim
This is critical that we are all pushing this.. . Please let me know if any obstacles develop . Jim
Are we still friends? ?
Nancy -- Go get 'em!! ! You'll do great . Just be factual and explain how you've worked on these issues in multiple states . Jim
Good job . Jim
My thoughts -- 1 . Focus more on Tariff standardization ( I think that this is the key issue for Enron because LMP based bid balancing market is almost a done deal - and the Texas market seems to be fine for liquidity) . Build around a new proforma with a NETWORK PLUS model . 2 . I would highlight that size matters - re-double our arguments and documents on natural markets in this filing as attachments . 3 . I would highlight the importance of ending the control area benefits and also strengthen the arguments for no source/sink requirement . 4 . The gas / power industries are different not because the amount of vertical integration ( ie , CNG ) but because of the geographic reach . Many LDCs used Columbia p/l , but only one LDC uses AEPs . The electric market needs transmission to be "rationalized" across the marketplace so moving power to where it's needed from where it's at . 5 . Should we attack the 209 Boards ? Agree that they are unnecessary , but pls be careful . Thanks , Jim
Janine -- Good job . On the hourly market price index , until we have LMP dispatch , the best we can do is a public index . Let's not ask for too much . Just something we can hedge against . Can you talk with the EWS folks for the best index option?? ? Also , if the default is a monthly public index , why do the customer's need any "parking" ? They can move directly to the new option . What is your definition of "functioning wholesale market" ? Are we stating that unless an RTO is running , we can't get rid of the PPO ? Maybe just resolve the Imbalance issue . More specifics would be helpful . Thanks , Jim
no .
Trying to put something together . Jim
Think the best thing is to let it ride - no sense in discussing because we don't have a solution for them . See if any intelligence on how hard they are going to push NPCo to fight us . Jim
Yes . Thanks .
Ok . Also , don't forget about the Dynegy v . ComEd dispute at FERC . Important for us in our physical business . Probably want the letter to be a little more specific on a monthly index v . an hourly . Also , what about the 400 kw size distinction , is this the right # ? May want to talk with Jim Wood . Isn't the DST question also important ? The ICC's decision will impact the need for a PPO . Jim
Charles -- The RTO week stuff is different from SSO stuff , right ? Jim
Gloria -- Vicki Sharp was interested in trying to update our Licenses throughout the country . I will arrange a meeting for us to follow-up . Thanks , Jim
agree
Lisa -- I'll leave it to you to decide if Mike Day needs or should be at the SCE initial meeting . I received a message that he can , but haven't told him either way . Pls advise . Jim
FYI .
Linda -- Pls put on my calendar . Pls arrange a room and have Mike Roan and Luiz Maurer attend ( also invite Kerry Stroup) . Thanks , Jim
Sarah & Christi -- Can you ask the Project Leaders on the key projects for a timeline ( comments due date , etc. ) of their activities ? I would love to have a crib sheet to know when to expect comments . I saw the NOPR commetns on Code of Conduct was moved to Dec 20 . Thanks , Jim
Harry -- Do want to shepherd the development of our comments ? Team would be you ( lead) , Charles , Nancy Hetrick , Andy Rodriquez , Christi Nicolay . What do you think ? Jim
Can someone please cover this meeting ? Jim
Pls put on my calendar . Jim
cheers .
Friday breakfast works for me . 6:30 am at 59 Diner . Jim
No . I'll let her know if she asks . Thanks ,
FYI
I would probably utilize either EPSA or WPTF to make the filing . This is an attack on the competitive generation industry and better to not have Enron point any fingers at a key "potential" customer . Jim
FYI
When: Tuesday , October 30 , 2001 12:00 PM-1:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Can you make this phone call ? Susan is on vacation .
When: Tuesday , October 30 , 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . I'll be on the call . You guys are of course welcome . My thought is that we need to push EPSA to do something on this . Jim
I will be attending . I'll cover . Jim
Jim
They are active throughout the West - mainly California . We can use them . Both are good . Jim
Kevin -- Last update that I know about for CDWR costs . If Sue or Jeff know of later $ figures , please advise Kevin . Also , my understanding was that the CPUC simply disallowed the CDWR from having straight passthru without review . They may get to charge 100% of these dollars , but needs CPUC approval . Jim
If Reliant is interested in filing , we should seriously consider using EPSA . Reliant is a member of EPSA . We could get EPSA to work through Larry Robertson maybe . Let's discuss next week in Houston . Jim
thanks for sending this out . Jim
I haven't processed a bill .
FYI .
Thanks for getting the info to Keeney . Jim
I don't know if we need to do anything . Seems like they are just acquiring the MAIN facilities , not market design material . Have you spoken to anyone at ARTO to inquire ? Jim
Mike -- You should contact Lisa M . about the SCE meeting arrangements . I will be there in spirit only . Jim
FYI .
Linda -- Have you heard anything from DOE on this? ? Jim
It will be difficult to understand the impact of our credit decline on a per transaction basis . It is probably sufficient to communicate with the Credit department ( under Bill Bradford ) for wholesale and the EWS Services Group ( under Evan Hughes ) for retail . I spoke with Evan Hughes and he is going to have CSC run a report of the tariff obligations . He will send the info to me and I'll forward to Amr Ibrahim . Thanks .
Thanks .
Marcus N . says that everything is done on our emergency project this morning . Sam Behrens will write an opinion letter to allow the move without the need for a 203 filing and everything else is in place . Steve Montovano has/is confirming that in PA , OH , and NJ there are no outstanding tax or regulatory matters . We probably want to put in place an update to Clinton's MBR that would allow for A/S trading . Should we just have Sam do that work? ? Jim
Tom -- I received a call today from the CPUC ( came through the main Enron number ) - a CPUC staffer named Joyce at 415-703-2199 ( no one was interested in giving the last names) . Someone named Dan at the Quail Ridge Research Station ( 7001 Hwy 128 Napa , CA 94558 ) called the CPUC to complain that he was inappropriately switched from PG&E to Enron . It's a strange situation - the Universities own the bldg and land but a Trust pays the bills . He says that "the facility isn't anywhere near the campus." The PG&E account number is ZNL8242005 . His phone number is 503-752-0873 . I told him that we would look into this and get back by end of business Thursday . The CPUC staffer is Joyce at 415-703-2199 ( no one was interested in giving the last names) . My guess is that UC/CSU listed this account on a switch request but didn't ask Dan . What should we do? ? Jim
Fine . People are shocked . Jim
Linda -- Can you also please process Jose's documents ? Jim
FYI . Do we need to communicate this to the trading / logistics groups ? Jim
I would probably not sign on directly , but would support the document with the additional thoughts -- 1 . I don't understand a 6 month collaborative to work through SMD - this only extends the implementation . 2 . Need to push harder on doing away with the Reserve obligation . 3 . I would argue that the RTO need not run a Day Ahead market . Also , why does a Day Ahead market provide "sufficient capacity committed in the right places for the next day in order to supply load reliably" ? California has a DA market and people simply did not participate . The argument that a DA market replaces a Unit Committment process doesn't seem complete ? 4 . The position and implications on CM and RT market going in at the same time needs to be made more clear - does this mean that Enron supports delaying all RTO "activity" ( e.g. , OASIS , single tariff , rates ) until CM is complete ? 5 . What is a "point-to-point" financial hedge ? Does this imply node-to-node ? Can we include some discussion of market "hubs" ? How could I obtain a hub-to-node hedge ? Also , what about the allocation or auction process for FTRs ? How should existing transmission arrangements be managed ? 6 . Do we agree to Incremental pricing vs . Rolled-In ? Will this cause any heartburn for ETS ? What about the cost of expansion to meet the needs of incremental generation ? Should this be borne by the system or the generator ? My thought is that this is a big piece and Enron should probably file its own comments rather than sign on . Sarah Novosel is working on Enron comments . Jim
Gloria -- I wanted to make sure that our License in TX allows us to use e-signatures ? EES is opening a pilot . Jim
Alan -- I assume that you will lead Enron's response to EPSA's comments ? Should we have a discussion of this filing before the EPSA meeting on Friday ? Pls give me a call . Jim
Interesting . Seems to me that EPSA needs to help AZ do better by its citizens - it's not just APS that's a "bunch of neanderthals" ( to use a Rick Shapiro phrase) . I don't understand something else - Is Mumaw APS' and EES' counsel in AZ? ? How is this possible ? Jim
Marcus -- I would recommend that Enron not do anything to modify the Clinton MBR tariff at FERC right now . It may make sense for Sam Behrens to work up a "clean up" filing to be ready to go upon any action . Pls give me a call if you want to discuss or would like us to take a different approach . Jim
Here are some thoughts from me . Jim
Lara -- I would think that Alan Comnes would be good ( if he can make it ) to go . Jim
Understand . When you speak of the gas desk , are you talking to Scott Neal and Frank Vickers or Don Black? ? We should make sure that both groups recognize our message . Jim
Sue -- I agree with your arguments . The other problem with SCE's analysis is that they had a DEFINED stranded cost amount and they deserve that money . What California did ( my explaination ) is that SCE was offered frozen rates for 4 years . All of the margin they "earned" was shareholder's compensation for moving to direct access . If the total $$ of margin was $0 or less , this implies simply that SCE had no generation stranded costs . The entire argument that SCE is making forgets the $Billion that they have kept from consumers through the fixed rate .
FYI . Who are they hiring as lobbyists ? Jim
Thanks .
Leslie -- It's my understanding that Janine is just reviewing the Eastern US . If I'm wrong , Janine please correct me . Thanks
Let's sit down at 5pm to discuss . Jim
Can you please resend the fax to Barbara Hueter about the TN legal bill ? Thanks ,
Maggie -- You may want to attend - Global Markets ? Jim
Amr -- Not for us to contact the ISOs about our Material change . Jim
Great job!!! !
FYI .
Thanks . Appreciate the quick response . Jim
How about 10am Tuesday? ?
FYI .
let's discuss at 5pm
I don't think that Govt Affairs should do anything on this ( and not sure if there is anything to do) .
I'd say 6 pm at Daily Review or Marks . What does everyone think ? Jim
thanks .
Guillermo -- Looks good to me . I'll discuss with Amr to ensure his agreement . Jim
Thanks . Having this e-mail on the agenda for the upcoming meeting is very helpful . Jim
Sue -- My thoughts on the filing . 1 . Pretty hard line with Comm Wood . I don't have any problems with it as written , but comments like "CYA not Calif Youth Admin" is not appropriate . 2 . We don't deal with the requirement to submit contracts ? Should AReM address this ? My understanding is that for contracts with customers below 20kw we need to submit something ( maybe with the price and term blacked-out) ? Is this correct ? 3 . In the conclusion , don't we want to ask the PUC to take some affirmative action - tell the industry that they will never implement retroactive suspension , that their is no cost shifting , and that DA customers can extend without penalty ? The filing simply asks for no harm . Thanks , Jim
The PPO - Power Purchase Option - is a unique program based on the IL restructuring law . Texas has no analogous service . I agree with your statement that we don't need an RTO , we need to fix the physical retail transmission rules . It's important to keep consistent messages . Jim
Thanks for our new model . Pls let me know how it is going . Jim
Lisa -- I appreciate your note greatly . While we didn't always win , we did always give the other side the fight of their lives . Electricity markets in the Mid-atlantic ( and throughout the country ) are better for the work you did over the last few years . Best of luck in your future plans . I'm sure that we will talk again , and often . Take care , Jim
CA supreme court filing .
Thanks . Jim
Here are my thoughts . I have to be honest , I'm struggling with the Transco / RTO split . Jim
I don't think that I'll send this given the current direction of the PUC to move forward with TX . I do think that these points are important and maybe Jean R . can get them in verbally as appropriate . Thanks , Jim
Yes , but I think we may lose that rating . What is the impact if that were to occur ? Seems like we should ( a ) identify our situation given today's environment and ( b ) identify the impact of one further downgrade . Jim
Thanks .
Thanks . Probably also want to talk with Brad Nebergald . Jim
Janine - Ok for you to cover the whole country . I had forgotten our discussions . Please discuss NM and AZ with Leslie Lawner . Jim
Here are my thoughts / issues with the EPSA paper: 1 . The EPSA paper indicates the preferred option of the 5 models that FERC Staff proposed . Should EPSA at least indicate that it stands ready to analyze other solutions that may be proposed ? Gives EPSA an "out" of this recommendation if it proves later that FERC's application of the Delivered Price Test is unworkable . 2 . I don't understand when EPSA says "Our recommendation , therefore entails a more stringent method of assessing market power" on page 2 of the draft ? Why should EPSA indicate that it is comfortable with a 20% Economic Capacity test to FERC . I would argue that 35% is the minimum we should entertain as an opening position . Also , is there a fear that a power marketer would have to meet this test in "real-time" ? Having a once and done for three year application is ok , but if we are conditioned that we can't get beyond 20% in any market , what does this do to trading and how would this be reported ? 3 . The discussion on Available Economic Capacity and its implication for having a "bias against new entry" is confusing . Maybe we should clairfy our concerns . 4 . The argument that ALL new generation is by definition pro-competitive needs to be strengthened . It should be explained in the context of the Delivered Price Test . Also , it that still true if a party which holds 100 MW in a 500 MW market builds a 100 MW power plant - now 200 MW in a 500 MW market ? Maybe I am missing something . 5 . EPSA needs to make the argument that Conditioning MBR on vague rules is wrong and anti-competitive earlier in the paper . This is my biggest concern - that we are perpetually subject to some refund risk when the market "breaks" even though our fundamental presence has not changed . 6 . I don't understand the EPSA paper on RTO versus non-RTO markets . EPSA endorses something but I'm not sure what ? What does this mean if I sell on TVA's network ? I appreciate blanket authority , but I wonder about exactly how this would be constructed ? Would this be similar to the natural gas marketer blanket authority ? Also , doesn't this play into the hands of the transmission monopolists who don't want competition - if they never set up an RTO they never face competition ? Jim
I spoke with Ashley yesterday . Awaiting NG's filing . No plans right now . Will keep you in the loop . Jim
FYI
I probably shouldn't be so serious , but I think the current situation at Enron has made me less fun . Jim
Dynegy filed a complaint at FERC that tries to disallow Firm LD from being used by marketers under the ComEd Network Service . IP claims that is losing $ MM because customers are not paying for Capacity . This will impact our ability to "go physical" starting next year . 2 . MISO vs . ARTO IP is a member of the ARTO . EPMI continues to try and establish only one RTO in the region . I think this is why Dynegy won't state very clearly that 4 RTOs makes sense . No $ impact , although this decision may impact our ability to "go physical" starting next year in Illinois . 3 . CTC Bet in ComEd My recollection ( talking with Harry K. ) is that we pre-sold a CTC roll-off in ComEd that could cost our business around $10 MM if it doesn't happen . Most talk in Illinois is that CTC should end early for big customers , so not sure if this is an issue . 4 . Delivery Service Tariff Litigation ComEd and IP have filed to increase their rates on Delivery Service Tariffs ( but not on Bundled customers because there is a statutory rate cap) . EES told us originally that this could cost as much as $50MM , but current estimates are closer to $10MM for ComEd and $2MM for IP . 5 . PPO ( Power Purchase Option ) Termination ComEd is pushing to end the PPO service . PPO provides a re-sell service to marketers while sharing the Mitigation Factor with customers . It is the service we use to "deliver" today in ComEd . IP will probably terminate this service because their stranded costs are expected to end sooner , hence , not a major issue for IP ? 6 . Relative Size of Current EES Book Hope this helps . Data will improve with more time . Jim
The $$# is 530MM
sounds like the right approach to me
lower rates first - they still don't get it
Does this process conform w/ regulatory reqts ?
yes . just info . may help to have Sue Landwehr on call to hear your thoughts .
Rick -- We do have an on-going dispute with the PAPUC about our assessment for gas sales . The charge is $150k . We are suing with others the PAPUC to argue that we are not a utility and therefore can't get assessed . Jim
Trying to run down the information . Jim
Howard -- Did we deal with the EES letter from NYISO MMU ? Pls let me know . Jim
FYI . Not sure if we can afford this , but if you think it's helpful let's talk . Jim
Thanks for the info guys . Jim
Resend
Do we need to file on the NOPR on Partial Day Recalls? ? Will EPSA file ? What position will they take ? Should we talk with Joe Hartsoe about his position ? Jim
Sue -- Please follow up with Roskow at the CPUC . I hope that he can get an answer before EOB Monday next week . Please keep me in the loop on this . Jim
Got it . Thanks . Jim
Was the amendment approved by FERC ? Jim
FYI . Will you attend the meeting at FERC ? Jim
Fine . Why not have this as the first element of EISB Wholesale Quadrant? ? Jim
Ray -- Have you looked at the testimony ? It appears to be hitting the key points . Is there anything else that we need to be doing to make sure that our case is as strong as possible ? Give me a call . Jim
Please include as appropriate . Jim
Not sure . Probably won't be ready until end of year . Jim
Looks good . I agree that making arguments about merchant generation "stranded costs" is questionable , better to couch this as "structural impact on market participants" . More importantly , if I bought 50% of generation in one market , and FERC changes their rules , seems like I either ( a ) sell generation and take the loss or ( b ) get regulatory risk insurance . FERC has the right to make markets work . Finally , on the issue of blanket authority , I think that the CAISO model is a good example of why this may not work for Enron . In the long-run , as a market-maker , Enron needs workable markets . A good test case would have been this - under FERC's proposed rules , would FERC have granted market-wide waiver in California ? If FERC is comfortable with the result , than move ahead . Thanks , Jim
Attached is a summary of the SCE meeting to discuss our Negative CTC claim . Call if you would like any additional information . Jim
Pls provide John with any further information . Jim
If we do take over this type of role , what issues and information would the NYISO be entitled to ? We are pushing DG and load curtailment very actively . Jim
Melinda -- Let's talk soon . I want to make sure that you understand all of the implications of this decision . Jim
Alberto -- Pls ask Sue Mara where these stand . I thought that the FERC didn't approve . Jim
Pls send asap the information to have me submit to Rick . Jim
Rick -- Andy is looking for about $1500 for tuition reimbursement . I would , if we can afford it , pay this . I indicated that going forward we could not make any committments but finishing his college would be helpful . Thoughts ? Jim
Sounds good . Maybe we can employ the Gov one last time before the end of the year to try and message a "workable" solution -- let's just decide what that is ( maybe some bare minimums on RTOs) ? Jim
Look at this web site www.southerncompany.com Go to the section "NEWS & ISSUES" section of the web site . They compute the cost of moving an electron from New Orleans to NYC . Jim
Rick -- Are you going to put out the new org chart by this Friday ? Jim
Howard -- How did this mistake happen ? Does their tariff allow for restatement of prices ? Does this cost the desk $$ ? Maybe the NYISO shouldn't be doing this ? Jim
Harry - This is the meeting . Jim
This story appears to be about residential . Do we know if C&I has feared so poorly ? What are the problems with entering the market for those customers ? Have these customers been angry or pleased ? Jim
The TX MONTHLY story . Jim
We should inform FERC Enforcement . No formal filings . Jim
Bill -- Joe Hartsoe ( Fed Reg Affairs ) got cc: on the demand letter from PJM . I assume you have the letter . If not , please let me know - Joe sent me a copy . Jim
I'd say $395 is fair . Jim
I would recommend that either Steve or myself call Bittenbender to recommend Kirk House - we met with him on the RTO discussions . Jim
Thanks .
Thanks . Jim
We are pulling this together and will talk with Marcus Nettleson as appropriate . Jim
I still think that Enron should be advocating some form of Negawatt program for non-retail access states . Using an RTP tariff that more closely tracks the wholesale prices from an RTO balancing energy market with locational signals can be used without any retail access and can have the load response needed to keep prices from skyrocketing - of course this would require a DA market because the signals need to come in ahead of the usage . By the way , I disagree that we need a wholesale rate for capacity . We should make sure that we put this in our comments on RTO Week . Jim
Great news . Are there any other MD Commissioners that Ms . McDonald thinks we should visit with ? On the idea of NYISO vs . PJM , I was reading in Restructuring Today yesterday about some elements that NY thought was better than PJM . I think that we need to "find" three things to give to the NYISO in the development of a single market...allocation of FTRs comes to mind . I agree that PJM and its staff are the key elements , but maybe getting over this rhetoric will be made easier if we concede that NYISO does something well? ? Should we do another round of New England meetings to push our support - with McGreevey winning in NJ , will the NJBPU change its focus ? Jim
Sue & Kerry - Do you know if anyone is going to this ? Should we work with EPSA to publish an EPSA piece that corresponds to this ? Jim
I am beginning to agree with Dave on Governance - that a for-profit TransCo may not be in our best interest . Let's talk about how to change the wording . Jim
Wanda -- Can you break out for me the ISO and PX money due ? I need to make sure that our Settlement is consistent with our FERC Refund issues ? Jim
I can attend . Jim
FYI .
FERC will be the ultimate decider on Admin Cost Adder , not the IURC . Not sure why this is even in the Settlement except to ensure that IURC won't intWe should not sign based on this information . Jim
Yes
We need to ensure that the EDI rules are final and allow Enron to switch billing options early next year ( see #2 below) . Let me know if there are any issues . Jim
Are they going to send a new invoice with changed amounts? ? Do they know not to do anything going forward ? Jim
Also , we should have a talking point response to the NARUC points ( would be good to come from EPSA) . Jim
After the PHC today , we should have a better feel where the parties are and what the discussions will provide for . Sue , can you make sure that Jeremy and team have a synopsis and outline of next steps . Thanks .
FYI .
Thanks . If the May 2002 date starts to slip , pls let me know . Jim
Let's discuss this afternoon . Jim
Rick called Lynne Church to discuss maybe having EPSA put out daily "papers" on market issues . EPSA did this at the FERC RTO Week and it worked very well . Jim
I didn't say that was ok . She was to move on Nov 15 . Jim
Help as much as you need to . Jim
Harry , Janine , & Bob -- Joe Short works on Project Phoenix ( rebooking of old EES deals) . He is interested in any analysis that we may have provided related to the Simon Properties deal with the Master Meter issue . If anyone has any old files on this , please send his way . Also , any updates on where we stand ( e.g. , Ohio court cases ) would be good . We probably need to have a review of our rights and obligations so that we can properly book the deal . After we get Joe our info , we can regroup to determine next steps . Thanks . If anyone has any questions , please call . Jim
Joe -- I forwarded the call from Phil to Bill Bradford and let Kevin Presto know . If you hear anything else , pls let me know . Jim
Thanks . I don't think that I want to travel to Europe right now . Market opportunities are slowing down . I think that we'll go to Mom's for some time . You can always come over through the weekend to see Gracie . Jim
Thanks .
I saw this recently . It's true AND funny . This place is amazing . Jim
Thanks for the update - I'll keep my fingers crossed . Jim
Thanks . It was a nice dinner . Jim
I think that Christi's write up is great . I've only changed two things . If anyone has any more changes , please get to Janel ASAP . Jim
Pls let me know . Jim
Thanks for asking . This is a very strange place . Our core trading is doing very well . It appears that management decided to put some huge bets at the Corporate level without any risk management . I'm doing very well . Marianna is expecting our 2nd child next May . Grace continues to grow and become a little person . Hope you and your family is doing well . Jim
I don't think that it is one of our top issues . I'd recommend that we stay out . Jim
Janet -- Going forward Govt Affairs will coordinate with Services and Product Development ( and other EWS and EES groups as appropriate , e.g . Credit ) to ensure compliance with ( 1 ) licensing/registration , ( 2 ) bonding/security , ( 3 ) regulatory reporting , and ( 4 ) other . I have asked Gloria Ogenyi to lead this effort for us . We will need other groups to appoint a Lead for their teams as soon as possible ( I will work with Evan , Legal , and Product Development to find out the appropriate people) . I fully concur with Rogers that within all new Product Development activities there must be a clear analysis of our obligations and appropriate resource allocation to continue supporting the market activity . As important , just because we don't want to attract new business in a given market doesn't mean that our responsibilities have ended . We need to ensure that our Product Development activities are accounting for the costs of these obligations over the long-term . To ensure that we are selling in accordance with applicable regulations , I would recommend that Gloria be on the Product Development sign-off sheet . In addition , we have already begun reviewing obligations , etc . for our current market activity ( both wholesale and retail) . I will talk with Gloria to build the matrix of issues you referenced . Our goal is to make current all of our market obligations . I will call you to provide an update on the market review when I have more information . If you want to talk about this , please call . Thanks , Jim PS - I'll ask Gloria to give you an update on the IL bonding status .
I didn't know that I was all powerful... .
Barbara -- Any decision on the payment ? Jim
Thanks . It makes sense for Gloria and Rebecca to get together ( I am available to talk tomorrow and have asked Gloria to set something up) . Also , we need to work together to make sure that EES' reports , taxes , and other requirements are filed in a timely fashion ( with the right internal groups) . On the IL Bond issue , there must be a disconnect between us and the ICC . The ICC believes that our Bond isn't current . Maybe we can figure this out together tomorrow ? Call if anyone has any questions . Jim
Just to keep you in the loop on SCE negotiations . Jim
Agreed .
FYI
Who will attend and present ? Jim
Should we work through AReM ? Jim
Amr -- Can we use cash as collateral for PJM? ? Jim
Can you please add this to the general write-up for each ISO ? Thanks
Pls print and have for my NARUC phone call . Jim
Can we move it to 3pm? ?
thanks
Mike -- Ashley Brown called to discuss a meeting with the Stakeholders in Columbus , OH on either Dec 4 or Dec 5 . He would like our participation . Also , he would like us to let our friends in the industry know about this upcoming meeting . Thanks , Jim
I think that Enron is interested supporting your idea . Let's weigh in with appropriate language that counters the below language - I think that the state-level parties ( and the IURC ) have an interest in the MISO acknowledging that it is an Indiana utility with SOME degree of accountability re ( at least ) bundled retail load to the Indiana Commission and the Indiana parties . Please work with Sarah N . to create a reasonable response and our key arguments . Jim
Interesting ideas on Reliant and Orion asset transfer . Jim
In our discussion of the Duke model , we don't outline when the cap would be set ? Would the Duke model give our traders certainty before the fact and certainty that no refund is due if we don't exceed . Maybe make this point stronger . Jim
Janine -- What does this do to our current book of customers on MSG ? Will our $$ margin evaporate ? Is there some other "solution" on how to restructure the FE retail market ? What wholesale issues does FE need to change to help the EWS desk ? Jim
Pls print for my NARUC call . Jim
No need to prepare anything . They'll do most of the talking . Jim
Ok . But if this case ends up in Settlement , we should have our priorities outlined before the case . Jim
Attached please find the Nov GA report . Please call with any questions . Jim
Please get internal comments from Thane Twiggs , Sue Mara , Steve Walton , Dan Staines , and Dave Perrino before letting Doug go public with this document . I want to make sure that we are correct in some of our analysis ( for example , I think that you may have misinterpreted the FERC in the California discussion) . Jim
Mike -- I'm guessing that Sue and/or Jeff have responded . The short answer is that there are going to be a number of legal tests before we are "completely" in the clear . Jim
Thanks . Let's get together ( just you and I ) and figure out how we can make sure our teams are working together . I am sure that you don't want to worry about this stuff any more than I do . How about for 15 minutes after the EES Op Comm on Monday ? Jim
So the short answer is that EES needs to change its procedures ? Also , is the 50kw right for all markets ? Jim
Had a call from Tribolet . He agrees ( as does Lisa M. ) that we need to rationalize our California legal support . Can we outline our key cases ? Also , my opinion is to continue to use Mike Day but have YOU as the only "point of contact" for approval of work . Let's talk today . We will need to talk with Vicki . Jim
Documents developed for NARUC by Janel , etal . Jim
I hope you are having fun at the Nutcracker Market . Tell Christi and Susan hello .
FYI
I like it . Our argument should be that the MISO is not an Indiana public utility . I'd put it in the dialogue just to keep from having the process work out poorly . Jim
Tom -- You may want to go to this event and report back to Susan Lindberg . It could provide a nice overview of the status . Jim
Sue -- Did you ever reach Terrie Wheeler ? Jim
We already knew it . More importantly , I'd extend his thought to every competitive retail market in the US!!! ! Jim
The tough question may be taking a long-term cash committment and transforming it into a single NPV payment ( discount rate issues) , assuming that is part of the options . Jim
Pls submit an RCR for me to discuss at today's meeting . RCR - EPSA SE RTO Study . $60k . Jim
Texas gas plan .
Agreed .
Did we want to get off the Creditors Comm .
Thanks .
Then let's proceed with that model . Someone needs to tell Jean B . not to get involved . Jim
Your thoughts? ? Jim
In what forum will this be discussed ? Jim
How about 9am tomorrow ? Jim
Dave -- I assume you are following this ? Jim
Thanks . Let me know how the desk sees it . Also , please make sure that we talk with EES gas ( Don Black) . Jim
Thanks .
I want to go down with you . Thx , Jim
Lisa - While Wanda and I with the FERC team agreed on a process of moving forward , I want to make sure that the documents properly deal with how the FERC haircut will be handled . When will you have a new version to read ? Jim
thanks
Thanks .
Is everything ok? ?
Haven't got anything today . If I get some , I'll send to EPSA . Thanks .
Any issues for the P/Ls or for Tim Belden in the West ? Jim
Thanks .
FYI . Also , does the same obligation present itself in Illinois ? Are there any restricitions or obligations on EES as a marketer in IP territory ? Jim
How about Tuesday the 20th ? Should be relatively slow . Jim
Rick -- I intend to take off the following days for vacation through the year-end . Mon Nov 26 - Fri Nov 30 ( 5 days ) Wed Dec 26 - Fri Dec 30 ( 3 days ) Thanks , Jim
Elizabeth - Let's please meet this week to update this web site . Jim
A good summary of current RTO activities . Jim
A couple of thoughts -- 1.NG is trying to schedule a meeting in Columbus either Dec 4 or Dec 5 . 2.I did speak with Ashley . He indicated that NG has no specific inclination to avoid LMP in the real-time . He did not , however , confirm that NG was indifferent . 3.I am very concerned with the implication that Mike highlights in his point #1 . NG may simply have misstated its intentions . But clearly this position makes it difficult for NG to join MISO under Appendix I ( they would be giving up too much) . 4.I agree that what NG is really saying is a for-profit RTO with ownership of some ( but not necessarily all ) transmission plant in its footprint . 5.Let's try and coordinate our discussions with Paul Dawson in the London office to gather his thoughts on NG in the UK market . Luiz - Can you please develop some questions / talking points based on the attached comments that we can transmit to Ashley Brown prior to the meetinThanks
Gary -- Do you still have a contact at Waste Management ? I hear their financial troubles seem to be under control . Just wanted to start some inquiries ? Jim
Jackie -- Pls send me a copy of the report .
I am trying to identify generation assets owned and/or controlled in ERCOT by Enron and its affiliates . The information I have been provided is that Enron only has Ponderosa Pine Energy Partners LTD - 263 MW . Is this correct ? Do we have any long-term capacity over the DC Tie ? Do we have any construction in progress ? Any other positions ( e.g. , Capacity Auction ) that may be considered by the PUCT in the merger ? Is there anyone else I should talk with about this information ? Thanks , Jim
Houston time
We spoke with Roger Yang . They don't have anything on the shelf . I started to look at the PG&E web site and figured out that you'd have to have a PhD in Oper Research to re-compute the PX Credit on an hourly basis . Jim
Harry -- FYI .
Ok to travel . Jim
Yes . Have fun . Jim
Guys -- I understand the differences . Becky is going to get on the EPSA call tomorrow and tell them that we are ok with the NOPR ( and will file as such ) and that EPSA should make sure to not blow up the NOPR ( or try) . Becky if EPSA wants complete agreement , then they shouldn't file . Grab me if you want to talk . Jim
Chip -- The e-mail I referenced in my voice mail . Please call if you have any information . Jim
Also , please look at this file .
Thanks Chip . If you hear anything else , please let me know . Jim
Isn't Friday the Potluck ? If not - yes . Otherwise , how about Thursday ?
Can I get a copy daily ?
Thanks .
Rick -- Let's discuss bad messaging at NARUC meeting at our Thursday meeting . Jim
My initial take is to keep engaged through Perrino . I'll try and make the call this Thursday . Jim
Please arrange a call in # for 4pm Thursday .
We are trying to identify assets and contracted positions that Enron will either own or control in ERCOT to process the PUCT merger analysis . If you have any information on existing or planned assets or positions please let me know . If you want to discuss , please feel free to call me at 3x7673 . Thanks . Jim
Thanks .
Attached is a summary of PG&E's notes on how they calculate the PX Credit ( until January 19 , 2001 when they hardwired $150/mwh) . We continue to try and get a handle on how the FERC Refund case will impact the PX Credit and Negative CTC . If anyone has any issues or comments , please let me know . Thanks . Jim
I put it together from notes on the PG&E web site . I may ask Roger to review . Jim
Jean -- Why not ask Marianne Carroll to draft a short note on the current status of the docket and likely outcomes/timing ? Thanks .
Gloria -- Before we move forward , please talk with Steve Montovano . Thanks .
Greek -- Here is our current list . Thanks , Jim
The $$ should come from the business people . Jim
Great . I briefly looked at your papers - the idea is very promising if you can find the agency/government . Jim
My number is 713-853-7673 . See you Tuesday .
Denise -- Do you have a listing of all bonds that EES ( and its affiliates ) has in place for retail marketing , including wholesale ISOs ? Speaking with Gloria , we don't keep this information in Govt Affairs . Rebecca Fite keeps bond information required in the State licensing processing . The place that I think that is missing is Wholesale Service providers ( e.g. , ISOs) . I think that we need to expand this idea of Bonding to "Financial Guarantees" including with Utilities , States , and Wholesale Service Providers . Maybe the best way to start is to work backwards from EES active markets and determine what is needed in each locale ? Thanks , Jim
Thanks for the thoughts . I fully agree on BF costs and DWR costs . I believe that you are right on Est RT$ = CAISOM Imbalance , but I need to check . On the question of retroactive ratemaking , it is my understanding that you are correct . PG&E probably won't rebill , but will need to put in place an adjustment to the going forward PX Credit to "collect" the overpayment of Negative CTC . All of this means that the impact of the FERC refund is less than 100c on the $ for the Negative CTC . Jim
Alan -- The only way to collect the "overpayment" is to artificially reduce the PX Credit going forward to thereby allow for more CTC . Jim
Andy -- I was speaking yesterday with Chuck Ward . He indicated that we continue to have ( or may have soon ) litigation surrounding our ownership interest in Cornhusker . This is important primarily because the Texas Public Utility Code requires that the PUC approve any merger of generators that will have a combined ownership of over 1% - which Dynegy and Enron will have . I want to make sure that we represent our ownership interest to the PUC appropriately given the current dispute . If you have any specifics , please let me know or give me a call . Thanks , Jim
Thanks . Once done , let's have a phone call with the wholesale electricity team to discuss before sending to Ashley . Jim
Except that my understanding of the SCE model is that the CTC structure will continue beyond 3/31/02 ( and may then apply for PG&E) . I agree that if you were to go to a bottom's up , it would require the CPUC to put in place a surcharge for remaining stranded costs ( non-generation , for example QFs ) and a second surcharge for Negative CTC "overpayment" . Key question is who will pay the Negative CTC "overpayment" ? On trying to understand the PX Credit algorithim , my concern is that to understand how much the "overpayment" was during Oct - Feb , we need to understand how costs hit the structure during that time period . Otherwise we don't know what form or amount of discount is required in the Settlement talks . Jim
Lisa - Something to think about . Do we want to try and expand the issues to resolve the Settlement ? Jim
Rebecca -- Pls work through Gloria and Bevin Hunter ( in Austin) . My understanding is that PUCT filing deadlines are always 3pm , but Bevin can take it over to the PUCT this evening . I assume that you will create the report and Gloria will draft a simple cover sheet filing . Gloria , we may need Marianne Carroll to sign? ? Jim
Bob Frank will be coordinating with Services from Govt Affairs .
thanks .
FULLY AGREE .
I assume we are happier with this message ?
Thanks for the tip . Why don't we try to have lunch in early December - I'm going to try and take off the week after Thanksgiving . Jim
Rick -- Please find attached the asset report in Texas . Enron's ownership depends on what day the filing is made ( for instance , Indian Mesa won't be active until Dec and may be sold immediately) . Also , there is an on-going arbitration with Cornhusker about our ownership right . Andy Edison has the lead from EWS legal . Jim
Ray -- Let' s hold a call in early Dec ( I don't need to be on the call ) where we go through the FERC case for Belden . Give me a call to discuss . Jim
thanks
Julie -- Enron would be willing to move forward with the Boston Pacific study ( at the $15k ) level . Thanks , Jim
Well . Haven't they got themselves in a pickle ? Jim
Rick -- Here is the information on staffing and outside services . Call if you need anything else . Jim
Thanks .
Before we take this on , let's talk about how it fits into our priorities . What will be happening that we must cover ? Jim
I am planning on calling in from home . Do we have a list of issues/states that we want EPSA to focus on ? If you send me your thoughts , I think that we can send to EPSA before the phone call . My list - 2 . AZ opposition to the APS - Pinnacle West generation "sale" 3 . Continue pushing at state level for NOx fairness in allocation to IPPs 4 . Re-instate Direct Access in California . Many EPSA members ( led by Williams ) will fight against direct access . I won't push hard here . Jim
Ok . I agree . Jim
This means that the DST proceeding moves forward - right ? How about a phone call at 3pm HOUSTON TIME to catch up on all matters ? Jim
Lunch works . I thin 11:45 is best . Jim
Attached is the most recent statement from the California Utilities that implements the DA Suspension ( filed Friday) . Comments are due Nov 28 ( Wed ) from parties . The Utilities continue push for a "hard" deadline of DA . They also offer an option where Suppliers would be required to submit a Affidavit for incremental DASRs and potentially have the CPUC review the specific contract language . Of course , in no event do they believe that any customer should be allowed to have DA service if the customer's name was not on our Oct 5 Customer List . Jeff and I will be talking with Mike Smith ( and anyone else who wants to participate ) to work through our response to these comments . Jim
Don't worry . Appreciate the thought . Jim
Not sure yet . We will be talking with AReM and will want your input . We may have to file but not sure . Jim
Here are my thoughts -- 1 . Agree that offering Transmission Provider waiver given RTO status is premature . 2 . Maybe strengthen argument that both unbundled Provider of Last Resort type service and bundled Utility sales service should be included in the affiliate definition . At a minimum , in places like PA , where the Utility sales service is a direct competitor , there should be no difference with any competitive player . In a state like GA , where the Utility sales service is a "monopoly" by statue ( i.e. , bundled retail) , I still think given the ability to cogenerate , it makes sense to have these providers take transmission service similar to our service at wholesale . Maybe make this argument earlier and as the core focus . I fully agree to include these providers in the definition . 3 . Leslie , call Christi N . to discuss examples of how Native Load Exemption has caused problems ( we've put in earlier filings) . 4 . The question of "Holding Company , etc." -- We should argue for an exemption . 5 . I am also troubled by the "administer" term . FERC should prohibit any "helping" by the Transmission Provider of anyone in the marketplace . Maybe focus FERC on clarifying its positions . 6 . Emergency sections -- Keep the language you have that never applied to natural gas industry ( and could be a real problem given a CAISO type situation - ask Alan Comnes for thoughts) . Probably don't object but want to make sure that if Emergency develops there must a pre-set timeframe for going back to normal business . 7 . Everything filed at the FERC related to Standards of Conduct should be posted on the OASIS . I didn't understand the final bullet point comments . Is this policy or a statement of something to come ? Jim
Can we talk this week on our response ? Jim
Does EPSA agree that FERC should require all Transmission Providers should agree to an RTO of the FERC's choosing or lose MBR for all affiliates ? That's the other message Lynne should put out . Jim
I know that was the plan and we do intend to work with AReM , but we may have to file if our needs aren't met . Jim
EEMC has filed in MD for a gas license . It is on the calendar for this Wednesday . There have been a number of letters sent dealing with "questions" on our license . Govt Affairs is concerned that this will be voted down by the PUC given everything that is going on with the company and our incomplete record . We would recommend that the agenda item be removed this week and we deal with the outstanding issues . If anyone has a significant reason not to pull the item , please let me or Harry Kingerski know as soon as possible . Thanks , Jim
Harry -- I think that we need to talk with EWS Tariff risk to make sure that we are on the same page . I am concerned that some of Gloria's statements may not end up happening with the final tariffs . Please advise . Jim
I'll call Ashley and relay the message . Jim
FYI . Any thoughts ?
Janet -- Here is the org chart that captures our discussions . I think that this org and the # of people is the lowest level that can even try to meet the combined needs of ENA and EES . Total headcount = 21 . The personnel cost = $6.4 MM ( total for ENA and EES) . Please let me know if you have any questions . Jim
Harry -- Rebecca is ok with pulling the MD license until the issues are corrected . Also , who is following up on the VA license ? Thanks , Jim
Dan -- I will get with Evan and his team and pull this together . Of course , much of the activity with Utilities is driven by their requirements and judgements ( which change over time) . Jim
Gloria -- Where are we on a matrix of Utility agreements ? Jim
Thanks .
I'll ask around floor . Given my background , this position does not sound like the best fit - I'd rather be more on the long-term contracting ( origination ) side or business development . Thanks for the inquiry . As you know , things are pretty crazy right now here at Enron . I intend to take the week off after Thanksgiving and intend to give you a call during that period . Have a great Thanksgiving . Jim
Thanks .
How about heading off campus - less likely to run into Enron people . Let's meet in the parking lot entrance ( right where the little store is on the way to the Met ) at 11:30 . If anything comes up , call me on my cell at 713-851-2499 . Jim
I would like to take something to Dan Leff by end of business tomorrow . Whatever we have . Thanks , Jim
Let's do it at 5pm tonight at Teala's . Jim
Janet - 1 . The best split is probably just 50/50 on personnel . While everyone is in a specific box on the org chart , many if not all of the people are flexible enough that they can cover different roles . The $ on outside services may be able to be split differently going forward ( for example , if EES wants something specific on a state PUC matter) . 2 . In terms of approving outside service expenditures , I would like to sit down with you , Louise , and Rick to work out what the best method of working through the approvals . I will try and set up some time the first week of December . 4 . I have put Steve Montovano in the NE Gas box . This will increase the budget by $400k ( based on historical figures) . I have attached a new org chart to represent this change . Also , Dan Staines ( who is not on the Org Chart ) has an Employment contract that ends 6/12/2002 . Dan has been working on Florida and Northeast RTO matters and continues to help East Power with the NYISO TCC auction . We can sever him , but his contract will need to be paid off ( $87k) . Govt Affairs also has a contract for support with Joe Connor ( ex-Southern exec ) to support our SE activities . I am trying to get a copy of the contract , but I think that it is in place until 8/02 . My recommendation is to use these guys through their contracts instead of a large payment today . Thanks , Jim
Draft .
I would recommend that if we keep Roy Boston we not keep Pat Keene and move Bob Frank to Texas with Roy Boston in the Mid-C . Jim
As with everything else right now , I take no offense . It was a pleasure meeting with you . I wish you all of the best . Jim
Gloria -- We need to keep this type of information in our matrix on Recent Contact . Jim
Something to think about -- Topics to be covered in the Texas Intrastate White Paper: 1 . Current state of the Texas Intrastate Market 2 . Areas for improvement 3 . Proposed future state of the Texas Intrastate Market 4 . Strategy for implementation 5 . Actions for implementation a . Form of transport contract b . Gas flows in Texas c . Basis price history
After talking with Dan , I intend to set up a meeting to provide complete matrices on licensing and utility contracts sometime early during the week beginning Dec 3 . Also , just to make sure everyone is clear , Harry , Gloria , and Rebecca are on point during the next few weeks to ensure that that EES and/or EPMI responds timely to any request for info , additional security , or other utility matters . This , of course , will continue to require help from legal , credit , and operations . If anyone has any other questions , please give me a call . Thanks .
EES does not sell power except potential if it overschedules to their retail load and "sells" balancing energy to IP . I'm not even sure if we are delivering any energy to any customers in the market . I'll send to Rogers Herndon . Jim
Thanks .
Please do . We could discuss on the regular NERC call at 2:30 Tuesdays . Jim
During the merger , transactions between a regulated company of one of the partners ( IP / PGE ) should not do business with the other . If EES or EPMI is buying or selling from IP , please let me know . Also , if we are delivering to retail load behind the IP market , we may need to make sure that our actions are with the code of conduct . I don't think that we have to worry much with PGE side because EPMI and EES are already acting within the code of conduct . Jim
FYI
Check this out . Jim
Ashley -- First , hope you have great Thanksgiving Holiday . Luiz Maurer and others put together the following set of questions for NG to potentially discuss at the upcoming meeting or earlier . If you have any questions , please call me . Also , Enron will sign on to a petition to for extension of time in the NG/ARTO case ( not sure when this is due out) . Some other people were pushing it and with everything going on here at Enron we needed more time to respond . Please don't take this as a signal that we can't continue to discuss and maybe help find a solution . Thanks , Jim 1 ) Profit-RTO - Where does your proposed organization fit in the attached graph in terms of end state ?  Stage III ? Stage IV ? 2 ) Regarding document "Response of National Grid USA to questions posed by the Commission": Does it imply that core , for profit functions should not be subject to a stakeholder process ? Wasn't the NETA design subject to an extensive consultation , even for profit , NG core functions ? 3 ) If each Transco manages it own OASIS , how can we avoid fragmentation ( balkanization) , pancaking and many other negative aspects and seams that the RTO process is trying to eliminate ? How can you achieve one-stop shopping ? By outsourcing those functions to one single third party ? 4 ) As a follow up question , what are the mechanisms to assure that this "potential" fragmentation may lead to underinvestments in T , particularly in important inter-tie investments ? 5 ) What kind of PBR mechanism are you envisioning for the Transco-RTO ? Are you thinking about including "external" measures such as cost to provide ancillary services , congestion costs or costs incurred in energy balancing ? 6 ) Are you envisioning an RTO-Transco model which will assume that all transmission assets in the region will be divested ? Or can the model live with a "light" RTO where part of the assets are divested but others are not ( and sign an operating agreement with the RTO . Would your proposed Matrix of RTO Functions ( page 9 ) still be robust under this scenario ? 7 ) Can your proposed RTO model dovetail with an LMP/Congestion Management system based on financial rights ? [Our understanding is that NETA completely reorganized the UK pool . The UK system now looks like a "self-dispatch" physical rights model] 8 ) As a follow up of the previous question: Assuming Alliance adopts a self-dispatch , physical rights approach similar to the one NG operates in the UK today . Don't you think that this will create significant barriers/seams with other neighboring RTOs , considering that there seems to be a general trend towards security constrained dispatch , LMP and financial rights for most RTOs in the US ? 9 ) If your proposed system can be dovetailed to a central dispatch , LMP/financial rights , shouldn't some functions in your "Martix of RTO Functions" be collapsed ? For example: management of congestion prices , calculation of congestion , operations of energy markets and generation redispatch ? 10 ) Procurement and deployment of ancillary services is listed as non-core . However , in the UK system , this represents a significant role of the Transco , with incentives and penalties attached to its achievement . Is there a different vision or do you assume that those functions will end up being developed by the RTO and consequently will be part of the PBR formula ? 11 ) Generation interconnection . Obviously , your proposal did not go that far . Conceptually , do you favor a system whereby T fixed costs are recovered via a postage stamp rate across an entire region or do you favor the UK model whereby fixed costs ( use of the system ) are calculated based on incremental cost and have a strong locational component ( and connection costs are treates separately , according to a shallow method ? 12 ) Establishment of transmission rates . How to reconcile the fact that those should be regulated and you propose that the Transco itself will establish its T rates ? Are you thinking about some possible non-regulated activities ? 13 ) You stated that separation and control of T assets persists , to a large extent , in the Collaborative Model proposed as part of the Southeast Mediation . Do you think that the Independent System Administration model is superior in this regard ? What are the key important differences in your view in the conceptual design of those models
Molly -- Please let either Gloria or Harry know if you need our assistance . Jim
Nice to meet your brother . Do you have a map of the 25th ? Jim
Thanks .
Yes this gets at my issues . I want to build your matrix and Rebecca's together . No where do we deal with reporting yet ? Also , we need to have some systematic approach to updates and naming "point people" . Jim
I received a call late today from the CPUC ( Joyce @ 415-703-2199) . Someone from Pac Tel called and said that his service was switched without authorization - Mike Benson with Payphone group @707-253-8892 or 707-292-1766 . Lamar -- who is the client rep for Pac Tel ? Can they get into Pac Tel and try and find out if we have done something inappropriate ? We need to call this guy back by Monday EOB . Please let Jeff Dasovich know so he can call Joyce back - I'll be out on vacation next week . Jim
Christi -- I'm out next week . This is a bit touchy with the changes coming . Why not have Jose agree to go ( no one else ) and if necessary we'll backfill . Jim
My thoughts -- 1 . Great job . 2 . I would change the message in the conclusion ( and elsewhere ) that the work should be done at the same time -- The Commission should act quickly to establish the scope and configurations of RTOs , WHILE ALSO WORKING and then begin the process of creating a standardized pro forma transmission tariff and market design to be implemented by these RTOs . 3 . Thanks for getting in "Network Plus" - it's the little things that matter . 4 . Maybe strengthen that just standardizing is not enough - real integration across seams is imperative . NY and PJM have same tariff same model but haven't worked well for a long time . Thanks .
LUIZ -- Attached is a version that I changed . Mainly formattting the intro . I think that our current draft is too long without a short synopsis up front . We want a White Paper that reads like an advocacy piece . Please add to whatever you are doing . Also , move forward with contacting Larry Ruff for ( 1 ) his analysis of your and my combined draft and ( 2 ) a simple affadavit on this . Govt Affairs will pay up to $10k for this work out of our current budget . We need to have this finished by Tuesday EOB . CHARLES -- We need to make sure that Monday and Tuesday someone calls everyone on the Committee considering changing these rules on Thursday . Let's get the list and start lobbying actively . Call me if you have any questions . Please talk with Doug Gilbert-Smith about who and where . Maybe Christi and Jean Ryall can help . CHRISTI -- Pls make sure that Steve Walton and Sarah Novosel are ok with this statements . Thanks . Jim
Ginger -- Can you please approve ? Jim
It's been amazing . Jim
Pls pay .
No .
Jaime , Please add James Steffes , user id is jsteffe , to the App_BlackBerry group for BB usage . Thank you for your help , Matthew Campbell
PSE&G called yesterday to ask for an LC or cash collateral of $1.0 MM to displace our Corporate Guarantee of $1.3 MM . They are sending more information in a letter to Bill Bradford copied to me . THere is a 5 day turnaround - early next week this will be due .
Yes . He is now a big-time headhunter . I hope you had a great Thanskgiving . Things are crazy here . Jim
Let's talk early next week .
Right now we are trying to develop some info and the right messages . This is the same everywhere . Our gameplan right now is to work this next week . Jim
Bob -- We need to pull together the rules , etc . for a change in assignment w/o consent for small commercial in NYC and TX by 3 pm tomorrow ( or earlier) . Grab me and we can discuss . Jim
We will need to let everyone know early next week - working on msg Jim Steffes Enron
Wade - Anywhere that we have Supplier Consolidated Billing Enron put up some form of credit to cover 45+ days of Utility charges . So while I am unsure of the form of collateral , if Evan provides a list of where we are doing Supplier Consolidated Billing , we should be able to construct a Collateral Obligation worksheet . We also have collateral in each ISO ( NE-ISO , NYISO , PJM , CAISO) . It will take some time to de-DASR to Dual Billing and until our accounts switch , the Utilities will hold the Collateral . Jim
Jim
Christi & Sarah -- Do we have to do something related to this ? Thanks . Jim Note also that in a separate development FERC simultaneously opened a broad investigation under Section 206 of the Federal Power Act to apply the new market-based-sales policy to all U.S . sellers nationwide . What this means is that , although only three utilities are mentioned in this initial order , it is expected that FERC will continue to take steps to constrain what it believes to be erratic wholesale markets . Reportedly , some 30 companies are awaiting similar reviews by FERC to determine if the commission believes they exert market power . The 206 investigation reportedly also requires power providers with market-based sales authority to amend their tariffs within 60 days to provide FERC with open-ended authority to order refunds if the commission determines that market manipulation has occurred .
Did you hear anything on WM ? Jim
Julie -- Given our current situation at Enron , I wanted to let you know that we will not be able to support the SE RTO Study . I assume that you were already thinking this . This upcoming week should prove to be another amazing ride . As soon as we come up for air , I'll call and fill you in on the developments . Thanks , Jim
Thanks .
This is the price tag for COBRA from Enron . Looks like $600/month . Jim
FYI . Jim
Dick -- With everything going on at Enron these days , please use the following contact information - Jim Steffes Thanks , Jim
FYI
Please call me at 713-853-7673 to assist with any questions . Jim
Please keep me in the loop on developing opportunities .
Pls send to Mike Terraso with Environmental Policy . Jim
I would recommend that all letters as such should go to Harry and me . I think we will be getting a number of these . I would say that we will try and communicate something proactively to the PUCs around the country by Wed am . Critical that our message is consistent and clear . Rebecca , any thoughts ? Jim
Jeff -- Please don't forget to get load #s or de-DASR customers - probably 50+% . Good info to cover our "remaining" customers . Jim
FYI . Let's deal with this early tomorrow . Jim
Harry -- EES filed yesterday . My thought is to focus on keeping our licenses so that we can return customers in an orderly fashion . Jim
Mike -- Going forward , should all enviro be sent to you ?
Please send all questions on environment to Mike Terraso . Thanks .
Evan Hughes are we Dual Billing our current ConEd customers ? Gloria Ogenyi will we owe more $$ if we don't switch to Dual Bill ? Scott Gahn what are the issues if we do switch ? Thanks .
Pls hold for inclusion in CPUC letter today . Jim
Thanks . I've enjoyed working with you and more importantly , getting to know you . Best of luck going forward . If you ever need any thing , please don't hesitate to call me . Jim
Thanks Becky . I've truly enjoyed getting to know you better as we've worked closer these past few months . You've taught me alot about natural gas issues and if I can ever do anything for you please let me know . Jim
Thank you Jim Steffes Enron
Appreciate the thoughts . I especially appreciate your hard work over these last few weeks . Jim
Sandy -- Pls forward final CPUC letter sent today to this group . Thanks .
FYI .
FYI
Kay -- A couple of things -- 1 . Jim Steffes not Jeff Steffes 2 . My cell phone is 713-851-2499 not 2489 . Thanks .
Jeff pls call Bryan Gottfredson at 713-942-7307 to discuss possible job openings in CA .
No Yeung + Lindberg are gone Jim Steffes Enron
In speaking to the PUC today , they are under the impression that we are currently physically serving Compaq and JC Penney . Is this right ? If so , don't we want to deDASR them ? Jim
In OH I believe that the MSG service continues ( transfers with the customers ) so it's just any discount we gave above the MSG rate . Jim
Good news . Also , Rich Drom called from PJM wanting to know if someone from Enron was attending the Members Mtg this Thursday ( no ) and if what did we want to do with the confidentiality of our credit ( I think that we should agree - not PJM's to distribute) . Your thoughts - I'll call Drom back tomorrow . Jim
Thanks Ann . Pls send to me going forward ( at least as long as we're here) .
Jeff -- Pls call .
I agree . In fact , in the conversation with the Chairman of PUCT , I told him that we were sending all of our pilot load back to TXU before Jan 1 . Jim
Christi -- I want to call Susan tomorrow and let her know about the mess up on her . But I want her to understand the issues involved . Let's talk as soon as possible . Jim
Your message was forwarded to me regarding Dan Allegretti and NPCC . Can you please let me know what Dan's role was in the organization and any other information ? Thanks , Jim Steffes
Don -- Sempra called today and said we had been nominating but not delivering any gas since Saturday . Customers are on penalty gas . What is the story ? Should we just put these customers back to the Utility and let them find another marketer ? Jim
Sandy -- Can you please send all letters sent under Dan's name to him tomorrow . You may want to send to Esmeralda . Thanks . Jim
Call u later Jim Steffes Enron
Jim Steffes Enron
I don't understand what is happening - on the earlier list , Susan and Charles weren't on it . If you want to discuss this , please call me today . Jim
Charles and Susan are in the building . Robert where can I find you to discuss some issues ? Jim
Here is the contact information . Jim Cunningham Managing Director 230 Park Avenue South New York , NY 10003-1566 United States of America
Christi -- Who in ENA leadership could we talk with about finding a "champion" for Gus Engheim ( environmental permitting) , Bob Frank and Harry Kingerski ? Steve Kean is talking to Ben Jacoby about Gus . Who else - maybe Scott Neal on gas for Harry Kingerski and Bob Frank ? Let me know . Jim
Peggy -- Have we done anything on this messaging ? Jim
Delete last sentence Jim Steffes Enron
Rick - Please be advised that James D . Steffes will replace Tom Hoatson as Enron's representative to the PJM Members Committee . Thank you , Vice President , Government Affairs Enron Corp
Sam behrens can help Jim Steffes Enron
Agree with bob - we are done Jim Steffes Enron
He said he'd call . Let's call him at 4 Jim Steffes Enron
I sent a note to national grid saying hold our dasrs Jim Steffes Enron
Still need to get with bkty lawers . Later today . Will call . Tomorrow approval ok Jim Steffes Enron
yes . also there is one at www.1400smith.com that I helped set up .
Jim Steffes Thanks
Yes . Thank you . Jim Steffes
Amy -- I am surprised about Dasovich already getting something . I would recommend the following amounts . Comnes $0 ( started late last year ) 50,000 Can we talk tomorrow to finalize ? Pls give me a good time . Jim
Amr -- Hope things are well . I saw a notice for a meeting on Caribbean Energy Jan 31 , 2002 in Miami by CBI . The information is at www.cbiglobalenergy.com . Thought maybe you'd want to go and flash yourself around . Take care , Jim
I don't have her number but call San DIego and ask for Sempra . Jim Steffes Enron
Call Greg Sharp Jim Steffes Enron
Cpuc sent ltr on switching - I'll fax Jim Steffes Enron
I don't know Aldie Warnock . Thanks for the idea , but I'm going to try and get out of the regulatory world . Might as well try my hand making $ . I know John Orr and John Meyer . Not sure about going back to the traveling of RTO world . Let me think on it . Let's still do lunch sometime next week . Thanks . Jim
Thanks Jim Steffes Enron
There was a discussion today involving Home Depot and our inaction regarding not having sent out a DASR . To make sure that we are all on the same page ( please let me know if anyone disagrees with the following ) -- 1 . We ( meaning EES broadly ) do have customers with metered demand greater than 1 MW ( otherwise known as non-Price to Beat) . 2 . For non-Price to Beat customers that have not been DASRd or have no contract , the Affiliated REP will provide service to the customer beginning on their first meter reading after Jan 1 , 2002 under a blanket Term of Service Agreement ( let me know if you want copies ) under the following price terms TXU Energy Services cost = $5 per kw for Demand ( based on highest demand in last 12 months ) + $50/Mwh + $100/month + Delivery Costs + Taxes . Reliant Energy Services cost = [1.5 * Daily Gas Index * kwh] + [{1.15 * Capacity Price} * kw ( billing demand)] + $490/month + Delivery Costs + Taxes . 3 . If the customer does not pay their bill , they will then be placed on POLR service . 4 . The AREP offers month-to-month service with a 30 calendar day notice provision for cancellation . 5 . Next opportunity to DASR these customers will be Dec 16 , 2001 . 6 . When we find a buyer for the Texas book or all of the company , EES intends to obtain permission from the customer to assign the non-Price to Beat customers . This implies that we will not be sending out the Opt-Out provision to non-Price to Beat customers . Jim
Thanks Marianne . We've been in contact with the PUC but we will need some help next week . Are you in Monday ? Jim
I don't know of any EES collateral at PJM . Very small position in PECO territory . Jim
FYI
Angela -- To follow up on our discusion about TX customers ( e.g. , Home Depot) , are there any other customers that you are going to include in the sales effort ( not including CA) ? I want to make sure that we include these customers in our analysis . Thanks
By "these customers" you mean the non-mass market - ie , Home Depot ? Jim
Monday is better Jim Steffes Enron
Great . Jim
Sue - Lyndon's info is: Happy Holidays , Jim
Once again , Enron shows that it has the best damn reg affairs team in the world - maybe universe . Thanks , Jim
Steve -- Christi left you off this list . Please include your thoughts on this worksheet as well for Eastern gas . Thanks , Jim
No . We worked with Paul in the Indianapolis office . Jim
Friday 10am is best with me . Pls include Christi Nicolay and Susan Lindberg . Jim
Or doing some interviewing Jim Steffes Enron
Christi pls send spreadshet Jim Steffes Enron
Call Jeff Brown - he use to work there Jim Steffes Enron
To follow-up on NEPOOL matters -- Last week , the NEPOOL Members Comm did not take any action against Enron . I received a call today ( that I intend to return tomorrow ) from Dave Doot - NEPOOL Secretary . He would like to have a phone call with Enron's attorneys and credit people to figure out how to manage our credit issues going forward . The reason there was no action last week was because NEPOOL hoped that they could work something out . I do not know what the bills are for EES/EEMC/EPMI ? I will call Dave Doot and find a good time for later this week when I can arranage a call with the appropriate people . Call with any other questions . Jim
Harry -- Let me write-up some things on this and will send to you . Hope everyone is well . Jim
Maureen -- Thanks for the information on the switching of the "held" customers . We will process through a standard EDI transaction . I am trying to find out who would work up the credit amount . When I find out , I'll e-mail you . Thanks , Jim
Marcus and Ed can we talk today about this . Is there a good time ? I need to get back with NEPOOL today . Also , while our business dropped off , I am guessing that NE-ISO has been arranging energy for our UI load and our payable is growing pretty quickly . Jim
Didn't know about this . Have we compared this list to our gas market termination list ? Jane - Can you please send me the list ? Jim
Customers we will start to de-DASR probably next week . VERY CONFIDENTIAL
I see that UC/CSU is on this list . Have any buyers been interested in their load ? Jim
Someone from CSC was on the call ( Allison Hafner) . TXU said the meters were to be read by Dec 13 with final EDI files sent to ERCOT by Dec 14 . ERCOT would process a REP of Record change on Dec 13 . Looks like everything is ok . Jim
I will review the list . But I need someone from gas team and someone from power team to help . Let's talk at 9am meeting tomorrow . Jim
Can we get together this afternoon to discuss calling NEPOOL ? How about 3pm ? Jim
Let's meet at Christi's desk on ebS5 and find a conference room . Jim
Suzanne -- Becky Cantrell had entered Enron into a number of dockets before FERC related to pipeline rate and other matters ( not sure if there were protests) . I would greatly appreciate you coming over to 47 and going through a number of filings so we can either ( a ) stay in the case or ( b ) remove our name as an active party . Elizabeth Linnell has the papers on 47 . My initial thought is that Enron does not need to continue in these cases , but the NewCo will want to understand what to join after formation . We may want to talk with commercial types to gauge their thoughts . Please let me know if you can take care of this . Thanks , Jim
Paul -- I have no information as discussed below . Jim
Mary Lynne -- Is this for both EES and EEMC ? Is EPMI in this bill ? Can we pay separately by company ? Jim
Doug -- The PUCT called out of the blue and indicate that they would like to talk with you about this information . Have they communicated with you about this ? Jim
They would like to talk to you . Jim
FYI
Please add so we can get to Fallon on Monday . Jim
Doug -- It seems to me that keeping the PUC somewhat appeased makes sense . I'll try and get some formal questions , but sooner or later they will want to talk directly . I appreciate that this is a pain , but maybe it's a good opportunity to push to get rid of balanced schedules ? Let's sit down on Thursday am and talk . Jim
Please comment ASAP . Want to get to Fallon . Jim
PJM sent a bill for the 2002 Annual Fee ( for $5000) . Upon paying the fee , EPMI will be able to access E-Schedules . PJM is looking for payment on December 20 , 2001 along with our November grid payment . I assume that no Enron company will need the E-Schedule system after January 1 and therefore we will not be making this payment ? Please advise . Jim
Also have we returned our physical PJM customers yet ? Jim
With the cancellation of a number of Surety Bonds by our providers , we are faced with a potential credit crunch in NEPOOL . Also , it is my understanding ( although I haven't seen anything ) that our Nov 2001 bills are due in all of the markets on Dec 20 , 2001 . Christi and I are trying to work out our payment plans ( if any ) and other requirements to keep our books afloat . We need to have support on understanding any payment obligations ( and bills if we have them ) and issues ( e.g. , Annual Fees) . Who can we talk with for each market ? Thanks , Jim
FYI . Call if you need anything . Jim
Jim -- Here is a quick and dirty overview . Please let me know if you need anything else . Jim
Lisa and Dave -- Are you the right people to discuss payment or modified credit terms for EPMI ? The issue with NEPOOL is that our UI/CMP/NSTAR wholesale reqts deals would be harmed if we don't pay these guys . I don't know if we should pay , but I need to figure out who is on point for paying if that decision is reached . I know that John Llodra is trying to sell these positions . Jim
Bob -- Please follow up with Juan so we can ensure coverage . Jim
Mary -- I need to know the other bonds that aren't cancelled . Are there more ? Jim
Come to 9am mtg Jim Steffes Enron
FYI . Thought you'd be interested . Jim
I am trying to pull together a list of the pre-petition and post-petition claims against EES and EEMC ( and EPMI where collateral may exist as one entity ) as well as any other obligation in the key power and gas markets . I hope to have this tomorrow . Jim
Let's talk tomorrow . Jim
Wade - There may also need to be another $100k for EESI . Jeff is checking . Jim
Chris - I did discuss Enron's payment issues with PJM with our team . To make sure that we are on the same page . 1 . No additional collateral is required at this time . 3 . The Annual Fee is also due on 12/20/01 = $5,000 ( one fee for all affiliated companies) . I will call you tomorrow . Jim
ISO-NE is seeking the following by December 20 , 2001 to continue Enron's presence in the market -- Amount Due $2.1 MM Amount Due $6.2 MM 1 . We are verifying these figures ( ISO-NE may have EES and EPMI Amount Due reversed ) 2 . The process post 12/20/01 is unclear - not sure if Enron companies can schedule without posting Security 3 . Surety Bonds have been revoked and Safeco/Fireman's sent notices that Bonds can not be used for post-petition claims I can't imagine that Enron will post collateral in these amounts . In the CAISO market , Enron has 3 days of projected expenses as Security coupled with a going-forward power supply . May be an alternative worth considering ? Any other questions , please call me at 3x7673
How do I take care of this ? Jim
Ed -- Can you please draft a letter ( similar to what Paul Darmitzel sent to gas LDCs ) to send to PECO Thursday to indicate that placing our physical load customers on bundled POLR service is not objectionable to EES ? We have a bill due in PJM this Thursday that may not get paid . If we don't pay PJM on Thursday , our brief analysis of the PA Supplier Tariff is that PECO can pull these customers back . The customers in PECO are GNO ( e.g , Suiza) , so not sure what the contract issues would be - maybe Michelle can help here . My understanding is that the contracts should allow EES to serve using Utility power , so we should still have the right to determine to reject or not . Please let me know if you can do this and if there are any issues . Thanks , Jim
Troy -- A few questions -- 1 . The counterparty "PGE" - is that Pacific Gas & Electric or Portland General Electric ? 2 . When do you think that you would have the "Unknown" researched ? 3 . I assume that the costs associated with ERCOT or CAISO are captured in the EPMI and ENA payables ? Thanks .
Ed is drafting the letter and coordinating with Michelle . Jim
My understanding is that Jim Wood is making the recommendation on Etown . Correct ? Jim
Dave -- I wish you and your family all of the best . May you have a happy and prosperous New Year . Please keep in touch . Jim
Diann - Sorry about all of this confusion regarding residential customers . This guy was listed on the Ken spreadsheet ( about T&D bills ) as being an EES customer in November . Is this a residential account ? Thanks , Jim
Janet -- FYI . I intend to take vacation this Friday , all of next week , and Dec 31 . Unfortunately , Harry Kingerski , Bob Frank , Jeff Dasovich,and Christi Nicolay will also be on vacation . If something urgent comes up , you can call me at home ( 281-759-8270 ) or on my cell ( 713-851-2499) . Thanks , Jim
Thanks . Diann , I know that the last few months ( year? ) has been tough on all of us . I appreciate everything you've done . Thanks . Jim
Does everyone have access to the O Drive / Public Affairs directory ? I'd like to keep an external contact list ( PUCs , Utilities , etc. ) and any material we are creating ( files , documents , etc. ) in this area so the entire team has access in case someone is out for the day . To get into this , go to MY COMPUTER , find the O Drive and then find the Public Affairs folder . If you don't have access , please let me know . Thanks , Jim P.S . If I don't get to speak directly with everyone , I hope that y'all have a safe and happy Holiday Season ! See you in the New Year .
Paul -- Why so "unhappy" ? Isn't this the best time of your life ? I know that I am truly looking forward to telling my grandkids that I not only worked at Enron , but I survived the "collapse" . Don't worry about the O drive thing - I'll take care of it . Jim
Wade - I would recommend that no one pay . The wire instructions are at the bottom of the earlier e-mail . The $ are pre-petition . Thanks .
Ed -- I'll put in a call to discuss with them the contact point . Jim
May need to post TX PUC collateral . Jim
Susie and I talked , she and I agreed that she would work 7-1 m-th , and 7-5 on fridays . We had agreed to that before she left . I also filled her in on our situation as a company , she had no idea . I didn't want her to get blindsided by any kind of decision .
I am sorry you have been so sick ! That sounds just awful . Are you all better now ? I can think of nothing worse than not being able to talk well ! My head would explode ! Love ,
Good Morning , Diane is out today and all next week , so just call me Thanks , Cara Semperger
We did 50 HLH parking with PGE , please see Diana or me for details .
Thanks for that laugh ! I needed it . Here's the deal: A call swaption was sold to me by pollard for the intrinsic and extrinsic value of the desks on the floor times 3.50 per month . I sold this put to myself and pocketed a next fixed premium of one million dollars . I took that six million dollars and used it to finance the new snickers plant that is going to be built in 10 years . I divided the reesee's plant and the snickers plant , sold put-call parodies on the reesee's and put the snickers plant up for collateral on a 20 million dollar loan to finance potato chip options . My net was 3.5 billion dollars , so I am the one buying Enron . My new Company is called "Cara-land" . I am working on the national anthem now .
The real cara comes out at last , you will notice schedulers working feverishly behind me
Thanks ,
THANKS VISH . I will let you know if any more bugz show up .
Just checking in to say hi . Wanted to know what SLC is like ; )
Good Evening I ran a master download for December 1 so that over the next few days I can test the overwriting fix , and found two deals that are 24 hour deals , show scheduled hours of 1-24 , but are segregated with the "OFF PEAK" deals . The deal numbers are: Can you look and see if they are booked in a strange way that makes them fall into the wrong segregation category ? Here is my PSW sheet:
Diane is out all week , just call ol Cara to tell her all about it .
No , I will just make a note of these two strange deals
Tom and I confirmed this change via phone earlier .
Just let me know when the update has been done , and I will pop in and do a few more tags . Thanks ,
Good Afternoon , The last of our kinks has been worked out and we are going to go ahead with all schedules in the new system as of 11/15 . We will then have a good couple of weeks under our belt before the start of a new month . The last date you will see any preschedules in Lotus is 11/14/01 Please see me if you have any questions . Cara
Build route is a very vital part of what we use every day . Any change to it must go thru me . The change in the Build Route for DART deals is a minor one , a check box on the user interface . Real time can run the report to show only DART deals , and they would be captured that way . Please see me before any changes to the build route are discussed . Cara
Please copy me on anything that you need to speak to the developers on . DART changes to the build route need to be done in the PreSchedule Workspace version of build route , as that is what we are using now , we have been phasing out the old build route . Cara
Things are coming back a bit , here is your sheet
FOR YOUR EYES ONLY: I dont wanna piss off the new massa
Thank you Dave for the horribly long hours you put in on this .
I was able to access the record in path confrimation , and it has the correct info in it now .
I recognize those sunglasses ! ha ha ha !
Any ideas ? The time difference is from nearly instantaneous before to 20-30 seconds now .
Have a good day Cara Semperger
Hi Mom , I am so glad that Nathan seems to be responding , his well being and future are what is most important . I don't know what to say to the behavior of Beth not taking responsibility for the financial end , and kind of holding you both hostage with this unspoken threat to withold your grandchildren . I have so little respect for her for treating people this way . If I didn't think she would punish you somehow , I would tell her so . I am looking forward to seeing you next week ! woohoo ! Cara
MUCH INTEREST FROM ME
Please have the default set to "Starting on" not "Active on" . We use Starting on Every day , and Active on much more rarely . Thanks , Cara
The old build route remembered what the user chose last for delivery points , and had it in the defaults each time Build route was opened . Can this be duplicated in the PSW version of build route ?
His attempts to get path confirmation he gets this error ACCESS VIOLATION AT ADDRESS 005096E9 IN MODULE "PATH CONFIRM.EXE" READ OF ADDRESS 00000000 . He needs access asap . Thanks , Cara
Hi Donald is having an access violation when he tries to run the Path Confirmation Report . Vish is aware of this , and wants to do some investigating tomorrow , but I don't know if Donald will have time . Maybe you can do this with Vish and Donald's Passwords ? Stacy still has performance issues running the report launcher locally . I am just ducky .
I am suprised at how little the bare bones employee and the full package employee trips differ in price ! I wanna do the 19 grand package . Employees and Spouses . Do for us but do the works . I think it would be a welcome perk in a weary office right now .
I turned my computer completely off and back on to see if my connection would improve , It didn't . My plain old data only no macro excel sheet still takes 30 seconds to save . Outlook also seems slow , but I never liked it anyway . : )
Mike Tully is going to work on this with you today .
It is slower today than it was last night , I assume from traffic
Y'all have a good weekend ! Cara Semperger
Forgot the 4 mw path , all good now . Have a good weekend
I would be personally interested in going to D3 , please try to plan it during mid month if possible .
I was able to create a tag , but when I confirmed , nothing happened.so I hit confirm a few more times , and got 5 copies of the same e tag
Good Morning , Here are the direct bookouts I have matched up along with my options I only show open COB contracts on the LLH Give me a call when you are ready to go .
Good Morning , Here is the bookout disposition that I have so far , along with my booking out options for the LLH contracts that we have open . Please give me a call when you are ready to go . I am only doing COB , Diane will be doing MidC
Hi Susan , I am going to be in Spokane from Wednesday Night thru Sunday morning , I would really like to get together for coffee or something . Are you going to be in town ? Cara
Good morning , Please call me if this does not work for you ,
Why don't we try 10 ish for coffee or brunch or whatnot ? My cell is 503-701-2894 just in case . Can't wait !
Good Morning , Diane will give you the MidC position if there is one , and Stacy will have the Palo Position .
Good Afternoon , I have attempted several times to make a test tag today , but the drop down lists for the PSE's in the Physical path area have not been populated . I logged off and onto the system several times today to see if that would help . It didn't .
Understood . I had populated the market path first
Dynegy's presentation outlining what is important to them , some really good info here .
I am looking damn good at 9 bux on the pool How horrible
is over . the cows have come home . the chickens didn't hatch . the fat lady sang . how horrible
Hey , I will be in Spokane over the weekend and wanna at least say hi and have a beer with y'all . Are you going to be around on Saturday ? My cell is 503-701-2894 gimme a call and we can go raize a lil hell . I want to see Erin and Dana too if I can . Woohoo ! You won't recognize me !
Thanks !  I have got a little training packet all put together for you ! woohoo !
PROLLY SHOULDN'T USE THE F WORD IN AN INTRA-COMPANY E-MAIL , PARDNER
Things are much better now , we only have minor issues with control areas , and none so specific as to be addressed in a formal way . Thanks ,
Other deals is fine , Build route has been selecting the hourly deals just fine , and including them in the off peak sections . We must be able to see these deals , as we have a great many deals with odd hours and shaped schedules . Thanks , Cara
I propose we just keep AOL
I got your res and will keep it in case I hear of anything . Take mine , and put it in your just in case folder . Love ,
None of us can get on the main site , and we are using their alternate site . I had some difficulty making tags , but have finished . The problem I was having today is identical to my problem a few weeks ago where I could make the tag , but then everything would hang when I hit the 'confirm' button . Cara Semperger
why is this coming from you ?
Good Morning , Diane is off today and tomorrow , just call ol' cara with questions
I will be there with husband
I need a reccomendation . Please let me know when you have a few minutes of spare time .
Stacy just ran her build route for December and got data with no counterparty names , I just ran my build route for December and got new data blended with old data . We need help immediately Stacy's number is 503/464-3747
We need to be able to rely on the repeated running of the build route . Running a month long sheet from scratch is a huge problem for us , it forces us to do massive amounts of work over and over again . I need you to find out why this is happening , and let me know when it is fixed . Cara
NICE ! HAVE A GOOD TIME
Good Afternoon Kathy , Please get susie a December Parking pass
We also need a box that says "Include only Dart Deals" Please also make absolutely sure that this is included in the PSW build route , as we use it nearly exclusively now.Vish knows about our problems with that . Cara
Error(s ) Encountered While Processing Your Request Web+ Error Message: Error Code = 10650: Incorrect file read password . Occurred in WebMail around line(42 ) in Script File \\vdb01\d\ets\web15\fax-send.wml Explanation: An incorrect password was used when trying to read from a file . Troubleshooting Information Verify that the password in the script is the same as that in the [FILE IO] section of the Web+ server configuration file ( webpsvr.ini) . Please inform the site administrator that this error has occurred . Be sure to include the contents of this page in your message to the administrator .
Please see Stacy's sheet . Is it possible that if the "Get Now" button is pressed twice BEFORE results are given that this is done ? It might help to grey out the GET Now button when it is pressed , and have it re-light when the New Data button has been pressed ?
It happened twice
Donald was trying to sort by POR AND POD , Donald gets a repeating error of "invalid variant type conversion" . I tried to do that and no problem , but I am using the app locally , and Donald for some reason still has to go thru the windows 2000 terminal server . I really want him to be able to use the app locally like it was designed to be used . Please let me know .
I have re-started Enpower since the e-mail came out saying that the new version has been put into production . I ran the attatched sheet , and the last group of deals that I was given had old deals blended with new deals . These start on line 757 . Cara
Good Morning , Only one open contract for December left to find a sink for ! Please call me to confirm reciept
SOMETHING IS BROKEN WITH THE NEW RELEASE , NONE OF OUR LIGHT LOAD DEALS PULL IN ! This is priority , why would heavy load and 24 hour deals pull in , but not light load deals ? Please see the attached sheet ! We should be seeing 880991 at Palo 880746 AT pge system
Thanks for your help
We are pretty much wrapped up . Thanks Matt .
I can't wait , what goodies can I bring ?
I need to hold off for a couple of weeks . Sorry : (
Here you go , if you ever have a spot open for me . Cara
doubt that is necessary now
Never know when this will come in handy
just remember me when you are the boss and are hiring
At least for now: Cara Semperger Aloha , OR 97007
do you all have a job website ?
sempergers@hotmail.com ( at least while I still am a semperger , but I am getting divorced ) We will see you back in the states .
This is the smallest sheet in the history of the world I had to over-return losses , please call if this poses a problem Cara
I want each of you to get out of here for 30-45 mins , I will babysit your stuff while you are out .
Dave said he called you . I feel awful .
I called 1-800-297-3276 and navigated thru the automated menu . Someone came on line and helped me , the confirmed my point balance and and asked me what I wanted to get . I told them and they did it on the spot . They also referred me to this website I am not suggesting a course of action , but rather relaying my experience Cara
Her mailbox must be full or something , we are getting her mail kicked back Can we tidy up her mail a bit , she returns on Tuesday
Thank you for your kind words . This is the hardest decision and the most painful one I have ever had to make . Dave needs his family so much right now , as he has very few friends . Please call him often and if you can invite him down for a visit please do that . I am confident that if we are calm and peaceful through this process we can emerge on the other side as friends . I promise to do everything in my power to be kind generous and calm . Love ,
No changes to any existing data , just adding Real Power Losses
kitten
Thanks , Cara
Put vending machines in where it says COWS , and you have the filed business plan for my new company
Hi Sweetie , I still can't believe all of this , we are laying off people here left and right , our traders are trying to call in favors to find jobs for as many people as possible . We are still trying to deliver on contracts , and not all of our counterparties have cut us off . I can't imagine for the life of me why anyone would continue to do business with us ! I love you , and Pat and Riley Cara
Hi Mom , I am still here , there is so little work that pretty much all I do is talk to people , play computer games and read e-mail . I still can't believe that this has all happened . Dave is doing better , he is calmer now and less upset . I am glad to see that , I felt really bad for how upset he was . He is going to go stay with his folks for a few days , they had their insurance company call and tell them that if they didn't clean up the outside of the house that they would drop them from insurance . They had a gardener come out , but Dave is going to take the pressure washer down and wash the house . I personally think they need to move to a retirement apartment with some living assistance . They do not seem to have the ability to take care of anything anymore . Work is winding down , folks are bored and working on resumes and stuff . I love you , Cara
I can pop up today if you would like , Just give me a call and I can dash over . Thanks ,
thanks Tara
I propose that while work is so slow we have some informal tutorials from the folks who know stuff . SQL Access Excel Stuff ( Susie is a bona-fide expert teacher! ) HTML XML Whatever folks might want to teach
There are BPA real power losses for the 7th only and some transmission only paths
I will be surrendering my cell phone when Enron no longer wishes to pay for it
I am still having lots of problems with OATI
Hi Mom , Things are a little better here for me , Friday was a horrible day , we had layoffs of about 30% of our office . Lots of crying and sadness on the floor . The weekend was strange , Dave came back from Eugene un announced which was not what we agreed to , and I got the feeling that he was thinking he was going to 'catch' me doing something or having someone over . He is still really struggling with the idea that I just can't love him like a wife anymore , and that is not enough to keep two people together . I wish that I could make this easier on him , and I almost think that if I had been unfaithful it would be easier for him to accept . I am just trying to hold on until he gets some kind of income so that we can sell the house and pay our debt . I do not have any desire for him to be forced to live with his parents , I wouldn't wish that on anyone . Just pray for him and for me . School sounds wonderful , I am so glad you are happy dealing with your little ones . How fun ! I love you ! Cara
Hi Frank , Thanks for taking care of the password changes for our real time group . Things are still very up in the air here . We hear new developments nearly on a daily basis , and so much remains unknown . I am in kind of a wait and see mode . Thank you for asking ! Cara
I am interested in being part of this effort if there is still room
Hi , Yesterday Richter asked me to get with John Oh and bring him up to speed on everything that we use . Although I think this is a good idea , I think that this direction should more appropriately come from you . Please let me know what you would like me to do , if it would be beneficial to have me explain our stuff to both John and Victor , I will be happy to do so . Thanks ,
Good Morning , Due to our current situation , I have 3 full time very talented schedulers with very little to do . They have a wide range of experience and abilities , and would be available to assist you in whatever tasks may need handling . Please let me know if you have temporary room for any one or all 3 of these folks , I would like them to have something to do while we are waiting for trading to resume . Thanks , Cara
Let's meet tomorrow morning about 9 am to let me show you all of the tools that scheduling uses . I expect it will take about 15 minutes . Thanks , Cara
can you tell bob ? I got an undeliverable message from his e-mail address
we have to apply for TISN registration at NERC.com
I am unable to log on to local enpower , I get a dialog box that says the following Script: W:\Scripts\enpower.vbs Line: 476 Char: 13 Error: Permission Denied Code: 800A0046 Source: Microsoft VBScript runtime Error .
I tried to call , but got the 'all circuits are busy' thing a few times . I will see you tonight at the movies with a full report !
I feel like a moron
nice
Hi , How are you ? Are you keeping busy or taking some days to decompress ? A few of us are going out to sushi tonight , Me , Laura W , Stacy , Perry , maybe Jesse , and a few others . We would love to have you join us . We are thinking Koji's on 6th and broadway around 7 ish . Please join us if you would like . Cara 464-3814 ( work )
Hi Julie , Since the stress of work is making me drink , will my liver transplant be covered by workmans comp ?
We are going to the one on NW 21st between Glisan and Hoyt Hope you can make it
My dancing shoes are ON ! Wanna go play before then ? If you could use a little company , I would be game for something fun to do ! 464-3814 ( work ) 848-7684 ( home )
Dear Little Sister , Thank you so much for you love and support during this difficult time . I wish that I could make this easier on everyone , but this is what has to be done . I have no intention of separating from you or the Rich/McPhersons , you all are more than family to me . You will always be my little sister . I am going to work very hard to come through this with Dave and me as much friends as possible , so that the stress to us all will be minimized . I see no reason to hurt people over what amounts to belongings . I am glad you liked your gifts , you did save at least one to open on Christmas day , right ? I hope so . I have the house to myself this weekend , Dave is at your folks to give us a little space . He is still very upset , and I feel bad that I have made him so sad . I really didn't think he would be this upset . I am glad that the family is rallying support for him , and I have been kind of laying low with the family so that he can have that support . He has no real friends here , and that is a big problem . I love you , Cara "Pizza Pie"
I haven't heard any firm plans , but I am game for nearly anywhere maybe Perry can scare some folks up ?
Hi Sweeties ! You are in my heart today , how goes the fight ? Dave has gone to his parents for the weekend to give me some space , and I am really liking being alone . I love you and hope you all are well . Cara
Hi Mom , I am amazed at those bear photos . The entire office ( what's left anyway ) was around my desk looking at that . That guy must have filled his drawers ! How is Natalie doing ? What shot do they think she reacted to ? I can't imagine how frightening that must have been for Monty and Jackie and the whole family . Dave is staying at Bob and Sandi's for the weekend , I asked him to go or let me know if he wanted to stay and I would go somewhere . I need some space and he is still so upset that my presence is not helping . It would be easier on him if I just moved out now . I can't because he can't afford to live in the house without me , and he can't leave because you can't get an apartment in this town without a job . We will be putting the house on the market no later than the first week of January . I love you , thank you for your love and support for both of us during this very difficult time . Cara
Please see the attached spreadsheet , I have added leg 2 to both annuities in red . I looked at the spreadsheet that Diana forwarded me , and probably need for you and I to sit down and just walk me thru it . Cara
I threw the tree tag away , but I gave Lynn a bunch of bath goodies in the handle bag .
I am so glad you got internet service at home ! Earthlink is good . Have a wonderful time in Florida , I liked it bunches when I went . Things are strange here , Dave is still very upset but is starting to trend toward anger now . He wants me to take the truck because he sees it as a betrayal that I got it for him a couple of months ago . OK . I have a truck now and he has the car . Wanna buy a truck ? He is also not wanting to be at home , which is fine with me . It is so tense and weird right now that I am glad to have the house to myself . I don't really want to be there either . I have been keeping busy with friends , they have been so good to me during this . I went to a Seattle Seahawks game yesterday at the University Stadium , and thought about those trips up there to sit with you all during Scotty's surgeries . Seattle was nice , but it was a long day and horrbile horrible rain . Our seats were in the upper stadium away from the wind so we were dry . I have a movie Tomorrow and a party Wednesday . Tonight is just being home catching up on my laundry and my sleep . I love you very much ! Thanks for keeping me in your heart . Cara
Hey ,  is there any way on the face of the earth that I can get ahold of one of the remaining Drexler basketballs ?
My boss just said "It's all good" . I laughed my ass off
Dear Mom , I just want you to know that I love you VERY much . You still mean as much to me now as ever . I am your family whether I am married to Dave or not . You are an example of kindness and giving , and one of the most special women on the planet as far as I am concerned . I have been kind of keeping quiet because I know how much Dave needs you right now , and I don't want to say anything that would diminish him in your eyes . Part of the reason that I waited as long as I did to do this is that I desperately wanted one last family Thanksgiving where nobody has to choose who can come or feel strange or anything . Dave has decided to stay with Bob and Sandi , and just come up to deal with the vending machines . I am glad , things are very tense and weird . I just want to get everything settled . He seems like he is getting angry , and I don't like that . He told me he wants me to keep the truck instead of the car because everytime he looks at the truck he feels like it is a betrayal . I got him this truck to help him with his business . Wanna buy a brand new truck ? Anyway , it will all work out and we will all get thru this .  I have a new cell phone number , please feel free to call me , and I will probably call you tonight just to touch base and let you know I love you . Love ,
It's all good .
Everyone keeps asking my why I am grinning today . I thought I was playing it pretty straight............................................ .
Should we go ahead and separate our names on the credit cards ? I think it would be wise . Also , If you want to transfer Pahio to our joint account that is fine , I would like to have Pahio . When you come up , if you want to come to work here and get the car and give me the truck keys , we can do that . Just let me know . Thanks ,
Y'all have a good day .
Have a good day Cara
Cara's new number is
About another hour or so and I am outta here . I am tired..........ti..............yerd . I ran up and bought the Charlotte Church CD , listening to it now , it is very nice . I will bring it home with me . I would like to come over and finish that movie tonight for a bit , but I am going HOME to sleep ; ) That ok ?
Everything is wonderful......................just wonderful..............................there is a suprise on the way for you today from me . Craig is so nice , we had a really good weekend . Thanks for inviting me to your drunken bash !
Hi There , What a great e-mail ! I got a warm glow and a great laugh all rolled into one . I am keeping that one in my palm pilot so I can read it anywhere I want . I woke up thinking about you , took my bubble bath and looked at my pink toenails thinking about you , put on my lotion thinking about you , drove to work singing along with the radio to Steely Dan thinking about you , and am just about useless at my desk thinking about you . I really enjoyed just vegging last night . You have a good day too cutie pie .
Thanks Frank , Hey did that intermittent blank drop down field bug in the physical path area get fixed ? I tried doing a tag a few days ago and still got that error . Have a good day , Cara
Hi Sweetie , I am doing fine , things are still wierd , but Dave has gone to stay with his parents and only comes to town to deal with his vending machines . I went to the law store and got all the documents , but I find them very intimidating . I think I would rather pay the single fee to the lawyer so that I know it is all done right . I would like your advice on this matter . I have been going to parties and movies and such , having fun . I have been on a date , and am currently enjoying the company of a man named Craig . He is a very sweet man , and we have just clicked . Talk to you later , have a good long weekend off . I have a new cell phone number 810-1105 Cara
I the undersigned , hereby accept the intended offering of the parties in the first part to provide "food" and "beer" , with the following provisions: 1 . The sponsors of the feast , Christian Yoder and Steve Hall , must attend the function in person and engage in conversation and laughter . 2 . Gratitude from the attendees must be accepted at any and all times . Thanks Guys ! I look forward to scarfing a little pizza and brew with you ! Cara ( soon to be Freeland )
Hi , I am sitting here at my desk talking contracts and energy , and in my head I am thinking about kisses , caresses , and waking up with you . You make me feel so special , and beautiful , and cherished . I would really like to play hooky all during your shutdown and just be with you . I want to have a completely lazy day , just vegging , reading , snacking , keeping my feet warm , petting cats , watching movies , and snuggling by my fireplace . How does Christmas Eve sound ? Do you have plans ? Bye my special one , Kitten
Good Morning , I am going into a meeting at nine for I am not sure how long , so just leave a message if you have a problem or a question . The loss schedule is per Crandall . Cara
Hi Again , Just let me know about Lord of the Rings , when I am done here I am going home to take a nap if we aren't going . If Saturday or Sunday would be a better lazy day than Christmas eve , then we can do whatever . You are the only thing on my calendar after tonight , sir . Call me at work , I would love to hear your voice .
Hi Donald , I got a smattering of information that the big E will probably go after us contract folks that attempt to defect . So , I guess it's second jobs for both of us . I am sorry I got you into this , buddy . Cara
They think it is a proxy server on my end and that if it is removed we should be fine . Can you help me with this ?
Any news ? I am just thinking I will leave around 1 pm here to go home for a bit . I don't have to be at this party till 7 ish , so if you wanna come hang out or just take a nap , you are welcome to do that .
Good Morning..........sir , I am wearing my sweatshirt and my new boots to work , so my feet are warm and I feel like I have you wrapped around me . My roses are starting to really open up now , they are so beautiful . I had fun at the party last night , danced my fool head off . Good natured fun dancing with the buds from work . One guy tried to dip me and failed miserably , I fell on my right hip , but not before I nearly knocked myself unconcious on part of the wall . I ended up sitting there for a minute with a packet of frozen soybeans on my noggin . I told him no more of that stuff . On the way home from the party I almost just showed up at your house , but figured you needed a break from me for some rest . You have a good day , hope you are rested and feeling good .
Good Morning , Here is the preliminary stuff , direct bookouts and what is open . Please call me at your convenience to talk about them .
This is the most complete information , Bilat stuff only . If you need any help interpreting the sheet , just pop on by Cara
come over at your convenience and I will explain all
Good Morning E Sure was fun ! Cara
I am officially playing hooky from work tomorrow .
I am here today for a few , what a rough ride that was . If you have a few to stop by and say hi , that would be great .
I am at work for a few minutes and wanted to send you a quick note . I sure loved having you at my house , our talking , and I really loved this morning . You are such a wonderful man . I am a very VERY lucky lady . I love you and will see you tonight after my meeting .
Cara Freeland-Semperger Enron North America Portland , OR 97204 Fax: 503/464-3740 I will be out on medical leave until 2/5/02 .
k , be there in a few
Congratulations Steve ! How wonderful ! I love the name .
I have a new cell phone of my own , when can I start expensing that bad boy ?
This might solve some of our login problems
I was tickled to get such a cool card ! Where did you find it ? I am thinking about taking the front off and putting it in a little frame . I have decided to postpone the catchup Christmas party and instead have a housewarming party when I move into my NEW beautiful Condo that is right on a wetland/woods ! I go to sign papers today . Thanks again ,
Good Morning , Here is the spreadsheet that you sent out with the access for the West Power Scheduling group . The users are now only me , Diane Cutsforth , and Donald Robinson . I dont' know if you are aware , but we are having problems with accessing both PreSchedule Workspace and Path Confirmation . Donald Robinson and Diane Cutsforth have more details than I do , as I have been out on medical leave for a month . Donald tried to login this morning and had problems , If you are aware of this bug let me know , if you need more details , please speak to him . His number is 503/464-3902 Thanks , Cara
You might want to check it Are you still planning to come up and sign papers tomorrow ? I need to know because I had to go back to work early . Please call my cell phone when you get logged off so we can get in sync with plans .
Hi Dearie , How are you ? I have been hearing your name more lately , and just wanted to touch base and tell you how much I miss you ! I have been buying that good Prosperity wine at Trader Joe's and always remember the party at your house . Do you think that you will be ever coming here to visit ? How is your husband ? How is your dog-bite scar ? Do you have any new Jewelry ? I am trying to sell my wedding ring , and am thinking instead that I will just get another stone to match the center stone and make earrings . If you do come to stay , please stay with me . I am signing papers on my new condo this afteroon It is wonderful . 3 Bedrooms , backs right up to a greenbelt with a wetland . I miss you , Cara Poo
Good Morning Honey , I wish that I could have pulled it together enough to get up with you and take care of you this morning , I really missed that . Thank you for waking me up and giving me kisses and love . It was a sweet way to start the day . Today there is a meeting from UBS , in about 10 minutes . I wonder what will be said . I will let you know everything . On the way to work I was thinking about us planning for our home . I love the sound of our home . I hated seeing all of your stuff packed away today , I like snuggling with your pillows when you have gone to work . Soon we will both just be home . Hopefully I will be all done with my bullshit in time to meet you at the grotto before going to Stanfords , but if not I will meet you there at 6 . If I make it to the grotto by 5 , will that be enough time for you to pick them up as well ? I am calling the doctor when his office opens to complain about the medication . I hope he gives me some more meds , but he might tell me just to hang in there until the new lower level is stabilized . Last night was wonderful , each time we are together I find something new to enjoy . I love being with you , holding you and feeling all of your touches and caresses . You make me so happy , and I want to make you happy . I love that little grin on your face and the tenderness in your eyes . You are a wonderful man and I am the luckiest woman in the world to have you in my life . I love you , Cara
Someone sent this to me , it seemed appropriate ! Subject: Pfthhhhhhhh Football An old man and his wife have gone to bed . After laying there a few minutes the old man farts and says , "Seven Points." His wife rolls over and says , "What in the world was that?" The old man replied , "It's fart football." A few minutes later the wife lets one go and says , "Touchdown , tie score." After about five minutes the old man farts again and says , "Touchdown , I'm ahead 14 to 7." Not to be out done the wife rips another one and says , "Touchdown , tie score." Five seconds go by and she lets out a squeaker and says , "Field goal , I lead Now the pressure's on and the old man refuses to get beat by his wife so he strains real hard but to no avail . Realizing a defeat is totally unacceptable , he gives it everything he has , but instead of farting , he poops the bed . The wife looks at him and says , "What the hell was that?" And the old man replied , "Half-time , Switch sides."
Uh..........not when I came back to bed . The score is now Craig 46 , Cara 21
When you get a moment
k thanks
When you get the chance Thanks
I want to go to the 10 am meeting , as I am Cara Freeland now . My divorce papers were all done yesterday , and I will have final copies to you guys for your records in a month or so . Cara
I got all my stuff signed and done yesterday , so I am now Cara Freeland . I want to get changed over ASAP in the system . Thanks for your help , support , and kind wishes . You are among the very small group that I consider real friends . Thanks , Cara Freeland
I love you
Hi My Love , I have told Sylvia and Cheri about you , and how important you are to me . Phase 1 is complete ! I am leaving in a few minutes for Bandon , and will drive sooooo carefully that it will become the stuff of legend . I miss you already , it's going to be a long lonely weekend without you ! But I will see you on Sunday , and you are a DEAD MAN ! ; ) I love you , Cara P.S . Don't cheat on your cards............................... . : )
Mine is all done , whiz quiz completed and Paperwork given to Gabrielle Thanks . Does this mean that the final stuff is done and we are all locked in for UBS ? I understood that there was one final thing to happen before we were officially 'done'
Hi Baby , The movie sounds good , nice and creepy ! I am going to leave here around noon again (  such a slave )  and go home and work on packing . I can meet you at work or we can leave from the house when you get there . I love you , I can't tell you how my heart leapt for joy when I saw your face again . I just wanted to hold on to you forever . Those 2 romps were not bad either ! ; ) See you tonight , hope you get it all built today . Love , CF
Please drop by when you can . I get into regular Enpower but when I try to get into preschedule workspace I get an errr
What did she say ?
Hi Sweetheart , The trip and all really took it out of me , I am taking off for home now , looking at a little nap action and then if I feel good start packing . I love you and will see you this after noon . Don't work my man too hard , but I will rub your feet when you get home if you do ! Love , CF
Good Morning Honey , I didn't really sleep well last night , so I am tired and cranky today . However , the feeling of RFP is something to grin about . Today I am tying out our February positions with the traders so that they can pre-pay their trades for scheduling Feb 1 . Just spreadsheet and number crunching stuff . You are so important to me , I can't hardly articulate how much you mean to me . I love you and am so proud and happy to be yours . I can't wait till we share a home and I am 'out' to my family . I want to tell them , "this is done" not "this is what I am going to do" . I love waking up in your arms and feeling your kisses first thing in the morning . The sleep thing will work itself out , I am not worried about it . I am looking forward to forever with you . Love , CF
I tried to login with the est_csemper id in estate enpower , and was denied login
I was able to login to the main platform of Enpower under csemper , but not able to run psw or deal entry . However , I was able to login as drobins and run things . Please do what you can to get my login fixed today if possible . I will use Donald's login as a workaround . Thanks , Cara
Good Morning , Please look at this sheet and see if you agree with what I have done , e-mail me or call me at 877-464-7779 . Any of our schedulers can look at this and help you . Thanks ,
Good Morning , These are the positions that I see for February , please take a look at them and let me know if you agree or not . Thanks ,
Can you tell me if we are having subsidized parking and bus passes ? If not , I need to plan ahead . Thanks ,
I miss you and am wonderin how you are faring in the working world . I have been checking in on the Riley photo site , she just gets more beautiful every day . Dave and I have signed papers and are final , now I am just waiting for the house to sell . I have already found another place to live , and have an offer on it based on the sale of my house . I love you and hope to hear from you soon . Cara
Let me know if your stuff does not pull in correctly from Enpower or you have any other problems . Thanks !
Hi Sweetie , Hopefully the visit to the Dr won't be that bad , do you want me to come hold your hand ? ( That would be pushing the envelope on intimacy , eh? ) I saw a wrapper in the trash this morning and was sad to see it there . You need to fix that (  or those as it were) . Please let me know what the dr . says . The movie sounds good , but we will see how tired you are when you get home . I wouldn't mind laying around like a turd this evening either . I need to vacuum but that is all . I love you , and am so glad that I make you happy . I want us to be happy together for many years to come . I still feel like the luckiest woman in the world , to have such a caring and loving man in my life so suddenly . See you tonight ,
Bill and I are considering having Real time do the EPE preschedules since they are the ones that live and die by them anyway . That way you would be released from that burden and any errors would be all on the ownership of RT .
Donald will be helping you with that , he has taken over the NW now for Feb . Thanks ,
Thanks for your addy , it was so good to hear your little voice yesterday ! Things are sure different here , Mark and Tom are not staying , Holden is in real time , and possibly Mallory will trade the SW . I miss YOU !
Hi Honey , I hope you are having a good day , I sure enjoyed playing a bit this morning . ( Although I had a little bout of blue bush ) I just love having you around all the time . I don't want turkey for dinner , and since it's payday , I wanna take us out to dinner . Where would you like to go ? Or we can be turds again tonight and to to YOKO's tomorrow , or whatever . I am suddenly actually busy figuring out the estate VS the newcompany stuff , it is fun to be busy and needed . I love you very much and can't wait to see you tonight to show you the new license ! Love , Cara Freeland
You are so cute ! Next time you work a day shift , call me and we will go have coffee and Iwill give you all the sordid details of my divorce and my now nearly 7 week stand . Juicy juicy stuff !
Good Afternoon Sweeite , I have my new driver's license and my divorce papers to change my name over to just plain Cara Freeland . Do I send them to you or what do I do ? also- Have you heard if parking or Tri-met will be subsidized at all in the New World Order ? Lemmie Know , Cara Freeland
These are the open positions for the Month of February . This is the best way to see our obligations .
Tim , I just want to tell you how much I respect and admire how you have handled this situation . It is not lost on many of us that we owe not only our bonuses but also our jobs to you personally . I am glad to be part of the new crew , and wanted you to know that I am grateful for all of your efforts on my behalf over the years . It is not often that an assistant is given the opportunities to advance that I was given . Thank you . Cara
Not always feeling better . I am very sore today
Good Afternoon , Lots of difficulty getting good information today , please call asap if there is a problem Cara
We are all relieved to hear that Alan ! I am glad you have come to the good side of the force .
I agree with that when I look at the sheets
UM ,  NOBODY IS TRAINED HERE , WE HAVE HAD EXACTLY ONE DAY'S NOTICE TO PULL THIS TOGETHER !
We are going to plan on being there for the Enron schedulers , until they are ready to fly solo
I have been told today that these folks will have to do all of our scheduling as of Monday , they are being trained today but will have to have working logins patterned after Donald Robinson by the end of business today . Serena Bishop (  I do not know what she has access to , she was the California scheduler ) Mike Purcell ( already has access to some things , but please check his access ) If this cannot be done , please call Murray O'Neil asap . His Cell is 503-702-9846
stuff you may need to know ,  any oati stuff you can e-mail support@oatiinc.com
Good Morning , I need new logins created for the following people pw: welcome I need the following logins deleted: Lisa Gang Susie Wilson Stacy Runswick Within a couple of weeks , most of the Enron folks will no longer be active , and I will have no access to the system . Mike Purcell will be handling the account and can be reached at mike.purcell@enron.com Please call me at 503/464-3814 within the hour if there is additional information that you need to set up Serena and Mike's logins by the end of today . Thanks
Everything that we use is located in P:/Scheduling . You will find old sheets with tags and paths , documents outlining how the system works , how daylight savings time needs to be represented , there is also the Intranet site On this there is the OATI links , and also the test site for OATI 1.7 . This will go live in April , and will be totally different than any tagging done before . You will need time to get familiar with the new format and practice , and I will be happy to help guide you when you are ready . All 3 of us are here to help , and will be available to you until you are comfortable . Good Luck ! Cara
I have created a short list of phone numbers based on what is active now , and it is saved in P:/Scheduling/PHONE NUMBERS I have also asked Dave Steiner to print out my turret numbers for your reference .
please call 503/464-2099 for the conference phone , I have a dr . appt and cannot attend . All the schedulers will be there , David Steiner and Diana Scholtes and Sean crandall will also attend .
I just sent him the Mt Hood number , everyone here is going there
Hi My Man , Yokos ! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm I went to see Dr . Soot today , she told me my pain is from the 2 big knots where they started and ended the incisions , and it will only hurt for . ..oh....3 months or so . She also said I can do whatever I want , including the gym ! Your ASS is MINE ! ; ) She said lifting etc is fine as long as I listen to my pain and lift things slowly . No jerky or quick lifting that could hurt me . I can't wait to have some albacore sashimi and a little Craig on the sheetsheemi ! ; ) Love ,
yes yes and yes . The certificate stuff can be done at the end of the month when we know more about what is going on . I have all the documents and download stuff to do that
Individual logins are much more preferable . The UBS schedulers are Donald Robinson Diane Cutsforth Cara Freeland
Please just have them create me as Cara Freeland , new name .
Hi There , I love you , I hope you have a good day . Work is shaping up to be a real snooze-fest . There are only 9 of us on the entire trading floor right now . Normally there used to be about 65-70 of us ! Waking up with you is so nice , I am looking forward to many years of doing just that . I think we are going to settle in just fine together . I love you and enjoy being with you so much . You are the man I have waited all these years for . Thank you for being part of my life . I will see you this evening , a little dinner , a little laundry action , maybe a little dominoes and sheet-she-me ? Woohoo ! I love you , CF
Good Morning Darling , Do you know when the UBS paydays are ? We are just trying to figure out what to expect . Also , I need a copy of my signed agreement with UBS , the loan folks for my new condo want it . If you will fax it to me , but call me first so I can wait by the fax for it , I would be grateful . Thanks , Cara Freeland ! ; )
I have asked her a couple of times , so if you have one that would be better .
Good Morning , I never got a copy of my UBS agreement , and Amy said you have been keeping them in case something happened to the FED-EX packages ? I can run up and grab it anytime . Thanks , Cara Freeland ! : )
no worries, . I e-mailed julie again Just hold off for now . I need to get my loan approved and my bonus in hand before I can move in , I am anxious ! woohoo !
she said she would get it for me after this conference call . Are there going to be more Enron layoffs ?
I had to put all my OATI files in a secure non-UBS place , but it is 600 per month for up to 15 users , and 100 a month flat fee for faxing . They are going to raise the rate to 750 per month to pay for the e-tag 1.7 upgrades . My contact at OATI is Frank.Billington@oatiinc.com or kevin.burns@oatiinc.com Thanks , Cara
you need to contact support@oatiinc.com They can walk you thru it .
Would it help if I faxed you the 'you will have your card in 2 weeks' note they just gave me ?
yes
I spoke with Serena and told her how to roll scheduling forward . Let me know if that doesn't do it . CF
just come get me when you are ready , but I don't normally hang out all day
Hi Dear Man , I feel the same way that you do , I feel like you are a gift that the universe has given to me . You are such a rare and special man . I love being with you and having fun with you , I love your tenderness and your competitiveness and your sense of humor . What did I ever do to deserve you ! If we aren't too tired tonight , let's go poke around a store or something . Maybe linens and things to look for kitchen stuff? ? We are going to have such fun together . I love you , CF
THANKYOU THANK YOU THANKYOUTHANKYOU YOU ARE THE QUEEN OF HR !
Got this error
I don't think we will be able to participate in testing unless we have our TISN registration done and our new OATI account setup
I plan to send them in a batch to you through interoffice mail on Feb 8th . Please call me at 503/464-3814 if you have any questions Thanks , Cara Freeland
This is the request I got from RISK . Vince
Helen , I forwarded your message to my associate Stinson Gibner whom I can wholeheartedly recommend . Vince
Adam , Let me gather some information for you . Vince
Shirley , Expense check: Vince
Emma , It's your choice . I can chair the session of day 2 or speak on one of these topics . Please , let me know what works for you . Possible presentations: Evaluating the effectiveness of insurance as a risk management tool or Applying real option theory to value power plants or Overcoming the difficulties of accurately estimating volatility Vince
Can you attend ? Vince
Emma , Mergers and acquisitions are not my cup of tea . Chairing stream 1 on day 1 seems to be a better match . Vince
Clayton , Please , register for 4 & 5 Wellhead to BurnerTip course . Vince
Angela , No problem . I shall be glad to do it . Happy Holidays if I don't hear from you . Vince
FYI Vince
Resume for Anurag
Emma , Thanks . Happy Holidays to you and your team . I am a VP , Research at Enron Corp . Vince
Aidan , Yes , this will work for us . Vince
FYI Vince
Pavel , A commentary on IMF policy with respect to Russia and other countries . Stiglitz is a very bright person and I agree completely with his points . Privately , he is even more outspoken . Vince
FYI Vince
Joe , I am forwarding you the information about the student from Stanford of Japanese ancestry interested in Enron . He lives currently in California . Vince Kaminski
Shirley , Please , put it on my schedule . Vince
Ron , No message was attached . Vince
FYI Vince
Joe , He is a research assistant of Prof . Darrell Duffie from Stanford and I met him in this capacity . A very bright fellow . I could not assess his commercial skills but he has enough common sense to identify the winner ( as his interest in Enron demonstrates) . Vince
Thanks a lot . The same to you . Happy Holidays . Vince
Kevin , Please , help Stinson . Vince
Les , Thanks . The same to you . Merry Christmas to you and your family . Vince Kaminski
Shirley , Expense checks: Vince
Shirley , Please , register me . Is there any conflict ? Vince Vince
Shannon , Thanks . The same to you . Sorry to have missed your class . I had a very bad case of flu with some additional complications . I shall be glad to make a presentation on the same topic on another occasion . Vince
Kevin , Please , talk to Jeff Shankman's secretary about including all the Research Group members on the 31st floor in the company provided lunches ( when they are available) . If an additional lunch is needed from time to time , it's fine , but it should be seen as a something done under exceptional circumstances . Vince
Mike , Thanks . Let me talk to McBride about the comp levels . Vince
Michael , Sorry , I was out around the holidays . I shall be glad to meet with you in the 1st week of January . Please call me ( 3-3848 ) or my assistant , Vince
Todd , Thanks for the invitation to speak on the panel . It was a real pleasure to join you and other leading professionals in the energy area in the discussion on the state of the electricity markets in the US . I want to wish you a very Happy and Successful New Year . Vince Kaminski
Ben , Let me review it one more time from this angle . If you don't hear from me by Wednesday , it's OK to post it . Vince
Thank you again for the invitation . I shall be glad to attend and speak on the topic indicated in the program . One correction: I am a VP . Thanks Vince
Frank , Happy New Year and New Millennium . Vince Kaminski
Best New Year and New Millennium Wishes to You and Your Family . Look forward to working with you more in the coming year . Vince
Shirley , Feb 3-4 looks best . Vince
Gary , I shall stop by in the afternoon . Such a hurricane would bankrupt a few insurance companies . Vince
Shirley , Please , extend the invitation to Greg and Liz . Vince
Celeste , I am recommending Jason Sokolov for summer internship with Enron . Jason is currently working part-time for Mike Roberts and makes very valuable contribution to a number on-going projects . We are very happy with his performance and see him as a valuable future Enron employee . Vince
Greg , Liz , Here are the instructions how to get to Stinson's house . Directions from major freeways: From Southwest Freeway ( 59): Exit on Buffalo Speedway and go south . ( Greenway plaza is on the north side of the freeway. ) Pass through stoplights on Bissonette , Sunset , Rice , and University . Turn right on Cason ( the last small street before the next stoplight , which is at Holcomb Blvd. ) House is on your left in 2.5 blocks . From West Loop 610 : Exit on Bellaire Blvd . and go east ( inside the loop) . After you pass the stoplights at Auden and at Edloe street , start watching for JiffyLube on your right . When you near JiffyLube , turn LEFT onto Sewanee Street . At first intersection , turn Right onto Cason House is on your right . If you miss the turn at JiffyLube , just turn LEFT at the stoplight at Buffalo and turn left again onto Cason . Vince
Shirley , The place to stay is Mariott Financial Center in NYC . Vince
Shirley , Please , put on my schedule . Vince
Shirley , Please , put on my schedule . Vince
Michael , What about 1:00 p.m . Thursday ? Vince
Janette , Thanks . Vince Kaminski ENRON Corp . 1400 Smith Street , Room 1962 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com Vince
Tony , Happy New Year and Congratulations . I hope you feel better soon . Let's meet for lunch when you get back to the office . Vince
Michael , Sorry , Thursday schedule is full . What about Fri , 1 to 2 ? Vince
Greg , One of many data points I have the competition is paying more . Vince
Shirley , OK . Vince
Vince
Tanya , I t makes sense to wait till October . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Shirley , Please , ask me about it . Vince
Shirley , Please , put a regular Enron NA meeeting on Mondays at 9:30 to 11:00 . Vince
To whom ?
Ron , I am sorry to inform you that due to a scheduling conflict I cannot speak at this conference . I want to thank you for considering me as a speaker . Vince Kaminski
Elizabeth , We would like to invite Bob Lee for an interview , January 24 , Monday . He will be interviewed by me , Stinson Gibner , Grant Masson . Thanks Vince
Shirley , I cannot approve it . APPROVE button does not work . Vince
FYI Vince
Greg , These are proposed bonuses: Managers: Superior Excellent 4 . Vincent Tang 30K Directors: Superior 1 . Mike Roberts 100K Excellent 2 . Maureen Raymond 40K Assistants: 2 . Robert Moore 5K You already have the VP numbers . Vince
Elizabeth , Yes , manager . Thanks . Vince
Beth , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
John , Thanks a lot . Vince Vince
Ding , Thanks . Vince
Kevin , Let's plan for a celebration next week , Thursday . I shall talk to you about it . Vince
Richard , Thanks a lot . Vince
Doug , Thanks . Vince
Kevin , Thanks for taking good care of us . Vince
Rick , I have just looked at the memo regarding promotions . Congratulations - well deserved . Vince
Julie , Thanks . Vince Sherry , Thanks . Vince
Clayton , Thanks . Constrained is a term that means "from a tight labor pool." Vince
Bill , Thanks a lot . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Rob , Thanks . Vince Thanks . Vince
Beth , Thanks . I shall be in London in February . Vince
Thanks . Vince
Jordan , Thanks . Vince
Thanks . Vince Thanks . Vince
Mark , Thanks . Vince Bani , Thanks . Vince
Jeremy , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Ray , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Dave , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince Harold , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Jeff , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince Janet , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Joe , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince P.S . I shall call you Wed regarding a request to sponsor a publication by the Commodities Now magazine .
Richard , Congratulations . Well deserved . I am very happy your contribution to the company has been recognized . Vince Louise , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
George , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Paula , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Julia , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Bob , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Kristina , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Brad , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince Harry , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Rick , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince Jean , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Barry , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince Meredith , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Anthony , Congratulations . Well deserved . I am very happy for you . Better late than never . Vince
Bryan , Congratulations . I am very happy your contribution to the company and team building spirit has been recognized . Vince
Dale , Congratulations . Well deserved . I am very happy your tremendous contribution to the company has been recognized . Vince
Laura , Congratulations . Well deserved . Vince
Barbara , Thanks . Vince
Lucy , Thanks . Vince
Emma , Here is the file . Vince
Bob , Thanks . Vince
JoAnn , Yes , Sorry . 413 was the number on the form I received . Vince Enron Property & Services Corp .
Thanks . Vince
Donna , Thanks . Vince Enron North America Corp . Tony , Thanks . Let's go out one night and have a few drinks . Vince
Alan , Thanks . Vince
Bonnie , Thanks both for your message and for all the help in this difficult matter . I shall try to stop by one day to formally introduce myself . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Sue , Thanks . Vince
Rita , Thanks . See you soon . Vince
Darlene , Thanks . Congratulations and best wishes . Please , let me know if I can help you in any way ( driving you home , delivering things from the office , etc.) . Hope to talk to you soon . Vince
Walter , Thanks . My new location is EB 1962 . Vince
Clayton , I agree . This would happen when there is an insufficient pipeline capacity to move gas . The market developments you describe happen quite often and this is one of the reasons we want to have the model you are working on . Vince Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , Any conflict ? Vince
Ted , please take a quick look at the outline of discussion notes for Friday . Vince
Jim , I can send you copies of the reprints of some papers I wrote or co-authored . Please , let me know how many copies do you need . I shall prepare power point presentations for the student meeting and for the faculty meeting . For the students: review of my group ( things we work on ) with an intention of generating some interest among the students and soliciting resumes . For the faculty meeting: challenges that energy markets pose to financial modeling . I shall be able to E-mail the Power Point presentations later this month . Vince
It's a very good job description . Vince
Shirley , Works for me . Vince
Louise , It would be a good commercial for Enron . What can we do to help him and get free publicity ? Vince
Ed , I sent a message to Louise Kitchen who runs the EnronOnline effort . She should be getting back to you shortly . Vince
This person might qualify for the Enterprise-Wide Risk Management effort . Vince
She will come on Thu at 10:15 . Vince
Did you have the chance to audit the UK vol generator ? Vince
Kim , Thanks a lot . I appreciate your kind words . Vince
EB 1962 Vince Kaminski Thanks
Lou , Thanks a lot . Vince
Shelley , My colleague , Clayton Vernon , who has a background in economics , wrote a short summary of arguments against the ROFR . We are working on the second approach to the problem: we try to come up with a numerical estimate of the value of this option . The fact that an incumbent shipper has this option has distributional consequences: he has something of value he never paid for . Having a numerical estimate of the value of this option could help to argue against it . The value of such an option is case specific; so we shall rather produce a template you can use for valuation case by case . Vince Kaminski
Vince Kaminski Enron North America Corp .
George , This is the first cut at the problem you gave us , done by my associate Clayton Vernon . Please , feel free to call him with any question . Your friend should check what were the sermons he gave on April 19 and April 25 , in 1998 and 1999 , respectively . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Vernon , Please , take a look at it . Vince
Mike , Just got it this morning . An area to focus on . Vince
Larry , The copy of the article I mentioned . Vince
Larry , The copy of the article I mentioned to you . Vince
Steve , A very good spec . Vince
Mark , I have an inquiry from a publishing house who are preparing a book on the world power markets . They wanted us to sponsor it ( at the cost of 19,000 pounds ) but the reaction from our power desks was lukewarm . They are offering us an opportunity to advertise in this publocatio . I am attaching the message with the terms . Vince
Rick & Ted , One more thing to watch . California power prices next summer . We see the possibility of higher prices and of spikes ( bad hydro conditions in California , growing demand for power) . Vince
Jonathan , Sounds familiar ? Vince
Celeste , We can use this guy as a help for Enron Broad band Svc's . We are getting many projects in this area . Vince
Mark , I agree with you . They do not seem to have the market penetration we need . The benefits don't justify the expense . I shall notify them . Vince
FYI , Please , take a look at this resume . Vince
Mike , Please , stay on top of this development . Vince
Hello , I shall be traveling this week . I shall be glad to meet you for lunch next week . Please give me a call Monday Vince
Mark , Do u want to send anybody to this conference ? Vince
Oliver , I apologize for the delay . I was traveling over the last few weeks . Please , feel free to edit my bullet points . I shall be back in the office on Friday afternoon . In the meantime you can reach me on my cell My name: Vince Kaminski ( not kaminsky ) Managing Director Enron Corp . The Challenge of Valuation of Energy Related Derivatives - Modeling the dynamics of energy prices - Incomplete markets - Complexity of the energy related contracts - embedded options - multiple layers if optionality Vince Kaminski
Please , take a look at this article: Vince
Marek , I shall send you the article on fuel cells later tonight . I shall be in Portland and San Francisco through the weekend . Any plans for Elisir d'Amore" ? Please , respond to vkaminski@aol.com Vince
Shirley , Please , remind me to order flowers for Paula Monday . Vince
Kevin , Thanks for your concern . Vince
Jason , There was a problem with the request . I could not approve it ( the system would not let me do it) . There must have been a mistake in the way it was submitted) . Please , ask Shirley to resubmit . Vince
Chris , No problem . Feel free to mention our names . Vince
Shirley , Can you please set up the meeting . Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , Please , register me . Vince
Melissa , Please , take a look at this resume . Any interest ? I got it from a headhunter ( I don't know her , it was a cold call on her part and she did not make a good impression) . Vince
Dear Ms . Wells , I have forwarded the resume to some people at Enron . Vince Kaminski
Shirley , Please , put it on my calendar . What should I buy ? Vince
Barbara , Yes , ECT does not exist any longer . It's safer to say the seminar is sponsored buy Enron Corp . WE have a reorganization every three months . Vince
Mark , We are too busy . We shall skip it . Vince
Larry , I sent the information to Mark Ruane , 713 853 3569 . He is the best customer at Enron for real options applications . Vince
I have received an inquiry through one of our employees ( David Barr ) from Chicago Partners , a consulting firm in Chicago . They specialize , among other things , in regulatory economics and could be useful as experts in our discussions with the government and regulatory agencies . One of the partners , Christopher Culp , is a well known commodity markets expert . Please , let me know if you are interested . Vince Kaminski
Steve , We can accelerate the process . We need some internal approvals . Please , talk to Richard Lewis and let him know I think it's OK to publish it because it is a very high level theoretical paper . Vince
Davis , I sent out the memo . No reaction yet . Vince
Tony , Thanks for the invitation . I shall be glad to meet your wife and havea dinner at your house . Take care Vince
Jodi , Chris can set up a conference call with myself , Stinson Gibner and Zimin Lu to discuss the real option applications . My assistant Shirley Crenshaw , 3-5290 , will be glad to help him . Vince Enron Capital Management
Shirley , That's fine . Vince
FYI Vince
We are supposed to get back to the headhunter . You can send her an E-mail ( please see the first message at the bottom of the page for the address) . Vince
I have prior commitments on Saturday , February the 5th . Please , send me more information about the following Saturday . There is a remote possibility I shall have to go to London that weekend . Otherwise , I shall be glad to join you . Vince
Shirley , Please register me and remind me abou it . Vince
Ed , Louise must be very busy . I sent her another message regarding your request . I shall call her if there is no reply from her within 3 days . Please , let me know . Vince
Ronnie , What about structuring and Sean and Margueritte ? Vince
Shirley , Impressive . Plz , send one also to Liz and Greg . Vince
He seems to be really interested . We should set up a formal interview for him . Vince
Jim , I know the author but thanks for the lead . Vince
FYI Vince Shirley , Please , coordinate this interview . Vince
I forwarded your resume to our SAP team leader . Vince
Jim , Thanks again for the invitation to visit LSU . Shirley will FedEx the receipts tomorrow . Vince
Conference oin NYC March . I am speaking . Vince
FYI Please , put on my schedule . Vince
FYI Vince
Steve , I am speaking at a conference either on Monday or Tuesday . I shall let you know tomorrow the details of my schedule . We can always invite them to visit with Enron in the evening .
Bill , I am forwarding a memo from Vincent Tang about the new credit model . English may be imperfect but the message is clear . Vince
Louise , Some time ago I sent you a message regarding Ed Krapels . He is writing a book on energy commodity markets and would like to learn more about EOL . Can you give him a call and chat with him for 10 minutes . He is a good friend of Enron and it would be free ad for us . Vince
Shirley , Please , forward my bio to Crystal . Vince
Celeste , I would like to ask you for a favor . We would like to have Sevil as an intern in our group this summer . She prepares a Ph.D . dissertation on transmission: a critical issue to the power markets everywhere . I have also a few other students I would like to take in as summer interns . I shall send you the resumes in separate messages . Vince Kaminski
Louise , Thanks . His E-mail address is ekrapels@esaibos.com . The company coordinates are as follows: 301 Edgewater Place , Suite 108 Wakefield , MA 01880 Vince
I shall be glad to join you . Vince
Ben , I spoke with Anjam and gave him the information about my trip . Here is the short summary: 1 . If you are free for dinner on Sunday , I would be glad to meet with you ( as well as Anjam and Steve) . I would like to review what's going on in Houston and London . 2 . We can arrange the interviews for all the candidates you lined up Monday afternoon ( Tuesday and Wednesday mornings are the alternative dates) . We treat the interviews as internal to the Research Group and we shall arrange full interview schedules at a later day for those candidates who pass our internal test . 3 . Please , feel free to put on my agenda other meetings you think might be useful . Please , coordinate the meetings with Anjam and Steve . I am busy on Tuesday afternoon ( I a speak at a conference) . Vince
Vince , Interesting newsletters . DAd
Donna , Thanks . Vince
I have just called you at home . I shall try the office as well . Here are my numbers , just in case: Vince
Lynn , I am forwarding you the resume of a very bright and motivated young man who attended a lecture I gave recently at LSU . I think we should consider him for an analyst position . Vince
Krishna , We should invite Kim Watson and her associates as well . Vince
Grant , Did Li Xiao refer Alex to us ? Vince
You are the 1st . Feel free to register as my guest . Vince
Bill , I forwarded your message to my associate , Osman Sezgen , who supports our Energy Services group . He will E-mail you the name of a contact at Enron . Vince Kaminski
FYI Vince Osman , Can you help him . I think his company's profile is in your territory . Vince
Maureen , Could you make a presentation on this topic ? It would be a favor to our operation in Nebraska and it's not mandatory . Vince
Margaret , I have an economist in my group and asked her if she feels qualified to make a presentation on this topic . I shall keep you posted . I think It would help Enron to oblige . Vince
To all whom it may concern: I would like to register my associate Zimin Lu as my guest at Power 2000 conference in Houston in May . Thanks . Vince Kaminski
Jennifer , Yes , we shall look at him . Thanks for thinking of us . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Brad , Can we reverse this entry ? I shall call you later today regarding Tanya . Vine
Liz , Thanks . Shirley already acted on this . Vince
Thanks . Vince Mike , There might be a place for Steve in our unit supporting EES . I shall forward the resume to my associates supporting the Facility Management effort . Thanks for thinking about us . Vince P.S . Krishna , Osman , Can you take a look at the attached resume ? Steve has no finance background but his engineering background is very strong . Vince
Shirley FYI Vince
Ravi , Charlene wants the entire batch of potential summer intern resumes sent to her in one step . I want to complete this by Friday . Catch me after lunch to talk about it . Vince
Shirley , It will take a lot of effort to compile this list . Please , remind me about it . Vince
Tom , Thanks a lot . I shall read it in the plane this weekend . Vince
I am forwarding your resume to our Analyst/Associate program . I talked to them about my needs for the summer and I don't see any problem . They should contact you shortly . Vince Kaminski
Giuseppe , Thanks a lot . I would appreciate if you could set up a meeting with Prof . We talked to him during our last visit and we would like to follow up with some specific proposals regarding research projects Enron could sponsor . Vince
Linda , FYI Vince
FYI Vince
Mike , No attachment . Vince
Kevin Yes , it's a good idea . Vince
Ravi , Our compensation for summer interns is very generous . It's more than what an engineering student expects . Vince P.S . Any progress on the resumes in electronic form ? I want to send a package to Charlene today . Vince
Charlene , I am sending you as promised the information I have about 3 of our summer interns . I shall fax you this morning two additional resumes I have in hard copy . In the case of Paulo Rocha we don't have a formal resume , just a letter from him with the summary of his skills . Thanks for your help . Enron desperately needs this talent . Vince
FYI Vince
Ed , I am glad I got it resolved . Hope you will like the system . Vince
You can reach me at vkamins@enron.com . I am accessing my mail . Elzbieta was reconnected to the machine again this morning ( Mon) . Vince
Amy , Yes , I am interested . I am in London now , but I shall contact him on Vince
Ravi , Maybe Stinson can get on this conference call . I shall be at the office on Thursday only this week . Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince P.S . Charlene , I am in London till Wednesday . If you have any questions you can contact Stinson Gibner
12 o'clock will work for me . Any food , except for sushi . I have to leave at for the airport . Vince
Tom , FYI . I hope to meet Nick Bambos this weekend . Vince
Kevin , I would like to see the expense reports to monitor the rate at which we approach our group budget limits . Thanks . Vince
Deniese Palmer Huggins 1000 Louisiana Street Suite 1095
FYI Vince
Ravi , I shall leave the decision to Stinson and you . Vince
We are looking forward to having you here . If you want , you can stop by one day and I shall introduce you to Grant Masson with whom you will be working this summer . Vince
Congratulations . Vince
Martina , Thanks . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
No problem . My assistant Shirley Crenshaw will call you Friday to set up a meeting . Vince
Shirley , Please , include Grant as well . Vince
Karen , The total of 5 offers . I sent you 2 CVs electronically , 2 hard copies to Charlene . Paulo's resume will follow . Vince
Prof . Peter Tufano Harvard Business School Morgan Hall 377 Soldiers Field Boston , Massachusetts 02163 Email: ptufano@hbs.edu
FYI Vince
The 1st presentation . Vince
Gary , Peter , This is a copy of my London presentation . I expect to make some minor changes to this presentation for March 13 . Vince Vince Kaminski
Shirley , Do we still have some copies left ? Vince
Shirley , Pleae , invite Clayton . Vince
Karen , I have forwarded all the resumes to Charlene Jackson about 10 days ago . I am resending 4 resumes ( in the case of Paolo it's a copy of his E-mail message ) I have in electronic format . The resume for Gappy will be faxed to you . Thanks for your help . Vince
Shirley , Thanks . Vince Dale , I cannot read the body of the message . Vince
Kevin , I think it's very important . It is important that our work area looks neat . Vince
Robert , This is to confirm the meeting on March the 20th at 9:00 a.m . Enron will be represented by Bill Bradford , Bryan Seyfried,,Vasant Shanbhogue and myself . Could you , please , advise me what is the best hotel where we could stay overnight , close to your location ? Vince Kaminski ENRON Corp . 1400 Smith Street , Room 1962 E-mail: vkamins@enron.com
Donna , Sorry to hear about it . I shall stop by tomorrow to say hello . It's too bad: so many good friends of mine will be leaving the comapny . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Greg , FYI . I can see further escalation in compensation for quants . Vince
Shirley , FYI Vince
FYI . Shirley ( 3-5290 ) is making travel arrangements for me . It makes sense for all of us to stay in the same hotel , irrespective of individual travel arrangements Vince
Interview for Lee
Should we get him as well ? It seems he has the right skills . We might have maxed out on the number of summer interns through the A/A program . We would have to hire him directly . Vince
Grant , Your call . Any day would work for me . Vince
Bryan , I talked to Vasant about the model review in London . He thought that he could accomplish this from Houston , but I think direct communication makes things much easier . I think his trip to London makes a lot of sense . KMV confirmed the meeting on the 20th . We hope to get more information about the scope of their model and assess its the applicability to your business . Vasant , after a few days of immersion in your operations , will be able to assess better the usefulness of the model . Vince
Elizabeth , FYI Vince
Nick , Thanks for your message . Saturday , 11:45 at the Terman is fine with me . See you there . Vince
Jason , No problem . I am glad I could help . They finally called a few days ago when they had to make the decision . Vince
We shall schedule a phone interview for you sometimes next week . My assistant , Shirley Crenshaw ( 713 853 5290) , will call you to discuss the timing . Vince Kaminski
Shirley , Can you schedule an interview for him with Stinson , Zimin and Krishna . Vince
David , I sent a message with information to several different units but no response so far . I think people need a specific need to focus and I shall keep the Chicago Partners in mind when a relevant project arrives . I shall resend the message with attachments on CP in a few weeks as a reminder . Vince Vince
I am trying to track down the Scientific Workplace disks . Please , let me know if you have them . Vince
Steve , I talked to Sh?n about your paper . Please , feel free to contact her directly and discuss the publication options . Vince Sh?n Millie Risk Books 28-29 Haymarket
Check for ML
Yes , Sorry . I brought it back one day and realized I left one CD at home . Let me bring it back tomorrow . Vince
Steve , No problem . Grant will speak in place , but RISK may not be aware of it yet . You can just register as my guest . Vince
Phone cards
Let me think about a similar publication . Zimin , any ideas ? Vince
Most recent version of my presentation . Vince
Shirley , Vince
Jana , Thanks again for the invitation to join you at the Rodeo . It was a great pleasure to meet you and your husband . What about getting together next week for a movie and/or dinner ? I shall call you later this week to find out when you are free . I have a trip to NYC on Tuesday and Wednesday , but Thursday or Friday should be fine . I have a speaking engagement on April 6 in Florida ( a conference organized by Florida Power and Light) . This means I shall miss the meeting of the Symphony Partners on that day . Please , keep me in mind for the following meetings and I shall be very glad to join you . Vince
Jana Phillips Marketing Manager New York Mercantile Exchange 1000 Louisiana Street , Suite 1095
Ravi , Sounds good . Vince
FYI Vince
What is SPAV ? Is it the basket option model ? Vince
Karla , Thanks . Here are Helyette's coordinates: Vince
Jana Phillips Marketing Manager New York Mercantile Exchange 1000 Louisiana Street , Suite 1095
Anthony , Thanks for the invitation . What about April 22 ? I have committed to different speaking engagements , charities , off-sites etc . for all the Saturdays prior to this date . Vince
Shirley , The file . Vince
Shirley , Please , add Gary Hickerson to the list . Vince
Tony , Great . I look forward to visiting you and your wife on April the 22nd . No dietary restrictions . Vince
Shirley , Please , enroll me in this course . Vince
$933 to Dean Witter
Paige , Thanks a lot for your presentation . It was an eye-opener in many cases . I shall schedule a meeting with you next week to discuss how we can help you in this project . I have some ideas I would like to run by you . Vince P.S . Shirley , please see if Monday is OK for 30 mins ?
Tracy , Confirming the meeting tomorrow , Thursday , 1:30p.m . Vince Kaminski
Thanks for the message . I am traveling on the days when you offer the class . Please , keep me in mind . Vince
Paige , In this case I shall ask Stinson and Zimin to talk to you next week . I am going to prepare and send you an outline of a document we can produce on defining and testing hedging effectiveness . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Celeste , We shall match the tuition cost . We are very anxious to have Gappy here at Enron supporting EBS . Vince
Ravi , It's fine with me . I think the expense is justified ( as it's equal to the cost of the alternative) . Vince
Ravi , The proposed dates work for me . Vince
Celeste , I was under the impression I sent you a message regarding Brad Romine but I cannot find a copy in my msg folder . There might have been a glitch in the and the message did not go through and wasn't stored . I wanted to make the following points: 1 . Brad will not show up on March 15 . He is still working on his dot-com business and wants to pursue this opportunity . 2 . My recommendation is that we should draw a line in the sand . Either Brad or a stipend refund check should show up on March 15 . 3 . I told Brad that a failure to show up on March 15 will not imperil his future employment opportunities with Enron . We just need clarity and ability to plan our human resource needs . If he decides to re-apply at some point in the future , we shall not hold his decision to pursue him entrepreneurial plans against him . Please , let me know what you think . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Shirley , Please , register me . Vince
Tom , I am forwarding to you a copy of the message from Nick Bambos . I shall try to catch you for a few minutes today ( Monday ) to close the loop on this effort . Vince
Pam , We don't think Wendi has skills required for this job . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Yes , makes perfect sense . Brad can start the process . Vince
David , I could not open the file . Please , resend . It may be the fire wall issue or it's a different version of MS Word . Vince Vince
Please , take a look at his results . Another model for CA PX . Vince
Dawn , I met David Sobotka from Koch this morning and we talked about coordinating our presentations . This means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps . Sorry for that . The portions of my presentation will survive ( those about valuation paradigms ) and I shall add a few more pages on accounting treatment of weather derivatives plus more specific examples . David will cover primarily market evolution + plus examples of some standard structures , and we shall both give more interesting examples of specific deals executed by our companies . I shall send you an updated version of my part next week . Let me know what the deadline is . Vince
Shirley , I have his cell phone: 650 814 9966 . Vince
No problem . Vince
FYI Vince
I shall talk to Beth Perlman about the transfers . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Please , Take a look at the attached info . Can you use this service ? Vince
FYI Vince
I am distributing your message internally to people who might be interested in your product . Vince
Steve , Yes , please arrange the interview . The resume is very interesting . I shall be on vacation all of next week; you can make arrangements for the following week , Monday through Thursday . Please , include Stinson , Grant and Vasant . Vince
Paula , Happy St . Patrick's Day . Vince
Jana , Great attachment . Thanks . Saturday , March 25 works for me . I shall call or E-mail you from California to talk about the time . Early afternoon would be great . Vince
Ravi , This is a resume of Shirley's daughter . Do you know if somebody in EBS is looking for a secretary ? Vince
Shirley , Yes , It will be a swap of one machine for another . Vince
Rose , I could not open the attachments . Vince Kaminski
David , I am leaving for vacation this weekend and I haven't received the copy of your presentation yet . The window during which I could make changes to my presentation is closing very fast . Let's do the following: I shall keep my presentation as is ( this means that I shall use the copy of my presentation I sent to Dawn Scovill and you this week) . If there is an overlap between our presentations , so be it . Dawn , please use the copy of my presentation I sent you earlier this week . Vince
My column for this week . A graph will follow . The source of the graph is Barron's , March 27 , 2000 , MW10 . Vince
Ted , Thanks for kind words . I have a favor to ask . Jason Sokolov who works with us part-time ( he is a Rice MBA candidate ) has been accepted as a summer intern . I suggested that he ask for a position with your group for this summer . He works currently with Mike Roberts , 4 hours a day . Jason is a very bright and hard working person and I can recommend him without reservations . Vince
Bob , You can address messages to me as: or Sorry for the confusion . Vince
Bob , I responded to another message with the correct address . My last name is Kaminski , not Kaminsky ( Slavic names end in ski) . This is the source of the confusion . Vince
Oliver , Thanks a lot for your message . Here is the information you requested: Vince
Gary , Any interest in this service ? Do you want me to give this guy your name so that he can talk to you directly ? Vince
Gary , Any interest ? Vince
Hello
Gary , Any interest ? Vince
FYI Vince
Tasha , Yes , I think Li Xiao deserves the bonus . Vince Kaminski
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
It makes a lot of sense to get this info . Also , You are welcome to make a presentation to the group this Thursday at lunch . Please , call Shirley Crenshaw ( X3-5290 ) to coordinate and order sandwich you would like to have . Vince Joe , Can you , please , babysit this presentation ( make sure we have all the audiovisual equipment we need , etc.) . Vince
The summer associate program has closed but I shall check to see if I can get one extra place . Vince
Steve , Taking summer interns is the best way to screen and identify good candidates at low cost and low risk . I would take this person in , assuming you can still run it by the Analyst/Associate program . They closed the books for the summer . Let me know if you run into any roadblock . I shall try help you from here . Vince
Cantekin's msg . Vince
Cantekin has an interesting background . Please , take a look at his resume . It's on his web-site . Project on radio and TV broadband . Vince
Shirley , Please , pay . Vince
I have received your message . Please , send the model for review to Zimin Lu . Maureen Raymond and myself will work with Zimin to review the model . Vince
Joe , It has to be the following week . My mistake . Vince
Dear Professor Boyle , I shall be glad to speak at the conference on energy derivatives in May in Toronto . I shall call you Thursday morning ( Houston time ) to discuss the details . Vince
Shirley , Please , provide this info . Vince
Joe , Thanks for your message . It would be difficult to rearrange the meeting at this point , given that it was timed around the availability of Jeff Skilling . I doubt we could get Jeff for any other date at this point . We can still adjust the agenda to discuss and address the Content Services issues . I shall work on this with John and Ravi . Vince
Peggy , Friday ( lunch , supper) , Sat ( breakfast , lunch) . One person . Vince Kaminski
Test Vince
Sherri , Thanks . Vince Enron North America Corp . Shirley , Please , put on my schedule . Vince
Approved Vince Kaminski
Gary , Do you like this service ? I can tell the guy to stop sending this info . Vince
George , This is the presentation I promised . Vince
Can you , please , contact her regarding the time of the meeting ? Vince
My assistant , Shirley Crenshaw , will call you regarding the time of the meeting . Right now the afternoon is open . I look forward to meeting you on the 19th . Vince
John , Thanks . See you on Monday . Vince Enron North America Corp .
FYI Vince
No problem . Vince
Dennis , Sorry . My mistake . The address list has a bug . Vince Kaminski
Dear Mr . Fujita: Thank you for you interest in Enron . I shall be honored if you visit Enron and I shall invite other employees of the company to the meeting . Please , call my assistant , Shirley Crenshaw ( 713 853 5290 ) to discuss the exact time of your visit . She will be trying to reach you from our end . The copy right for the book belongs to the RISK magazine . I shall give you the contact at the company with whom you can discuss the Japanese version issues . Sincerely , Vince Kaminski
Jens , Thanks a lot . Vince FYI Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
Lynn , Thanks a lot . I appreciate the information I am receiving from you . Vince Kaminski
Karla , We may use 1 workstation in London , 1 in Houston . Yes , please call Ms . Geman and ask for more detailed price information . Vince
Looks good to me . Pleasure to work with you . Vince
David , Another trip in the cards . You can catch me at the office on wed or next week at home . Vince
George , Is the dress casual at the conference ? Vince
Oliver , Makes sense to me . Vince
Jana , Sorry , I shall be in Florida this Thursday . I am speaking at a conference in Key Biscayne . Talk to you soon . Vince
Iris , Please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes . I shall be glad to chat with you . Vince
Thanks Vince Jana , Next week would work for me . I am flying to San Antonio from Florida . I shall be back on Sunday . What about Friday or Saturday next week ? Vince
Shirley , Please , enroll me in this organization . Vince
Can you , please , invite Gordian Kemen to an interview in London ? Stinson , Zimin , Vasant and Krishna can interview him from Houston ( video conference) . Vince
Great , Please , let me know . There are several good films playing currently . Vince
Shirley , Please , review this trip with me . Vince
Clayton , No , I haven't . Vince
Tom , The conference in New York is held on May 18 and May 19 . I can visit Wharton the day before . Vince Kaminski
Carl , Depends if it is more like financial or insurance type hedging . I shall leave it to Vasant to decide . Vince
Shirley , Please , put it on my schedule . Vince
Tanya , Can you coordinate , in my absence , the lunch with IT and credit . We need the body count and reservation at the restaurant for the 14th . Vince
Michael , Vince
Joe , Thanks . Vince
Approved Vince Kaminski Approved , Vince Kaminski
Jana , Sounds perfect . Look forward to meeting you on Saturday . Any suggestions regarding the movie ? Vince
John , Let's meet on Wednesday or Thursday this week . I shall give you a call tomorrow to set up a meeting . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Tanya , Yes , we were talking about Wednesday . My mistake . Wednesday , April 19 works for me . Let's do it then . Vince
Shirley , Can we send flowers ? Vince
Jana , "Cotton Mary" sounds good . It's a film by Ismail Merchant who collaborated on "A Room with a View" , "Howard's View" , and other well known movies . It's a story about two Anglo-Indian sisters . Vince
Michael , Can you , please , provide this information . Let me take a look at it before it's released . Thanks . Vince
Steve , It makes sense to meet with Abacus . Retail marketing is very data intensive . If you set up a meeting with them , please , let me know . Vince
Another possible candidate . Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , Please , remind me about making arrangements for this trip later this week . Vince
Michael . Thanks a lot for a very quick response . It looks fine . Please , forward it to Margaret Carson . Please , explain the data source . She may expect NYMEX as the data source for natgas and WTI . Vince
This is the person from UT I mentioned . He is not interested in the summer internship . Vince
We discussed two options ( not necessarily mutually exclusive): 1 . summer internship 2 . full employment . Are you interested exclusively in full employment ? I need the answer ASAP , as we are going to discuss the additional summer intern positions this afternoon . Vince
Thanks Vince
Shirley , The invoice for papers I have ordered on-line . Vince
FYI Vince
Steve , Krishna from my group . Krishna can also advise you on Resco participation . Vince
Kevin , No problem . Nice thought . Vince
Drew , Dale's msg . Vince
Chris , We don't have yet any report on Broadband that might help you , developed internally by my group . We are working on a tutorial and we shall send you a copy when it's ready . The person who can give you an introduction to this market is Ravi Vince
Please , Take a look at this candidate . Vince
Soto , Milena
Joe , OK as long as the number is limited . , Please , check with Shirley regarding lunch . We are already full in this room . Vince
FYI Vince
Joe , This is a message from the Japanese guy interested in energy risk management . Please , let me know if you want somebody from your organization at the meeting . He will be here next Monday at 3:00 p.m . Vince
Dave , Thanks for the message . I don't think we need more time . Vince
Joe , Let's talk about it . Vince
Britta , Thanks for your message . I have several commitments at the time of the conference and have to decline with regret . Vince
Jana , We should have tomorrow the movie schedule for the weekend . Saturday around 5:00 p.m . would work for me . Vince
Please , send the bio . Vince
Vicky , My affiliation is Enron Corp . My assistant , Shirley Crenshaw , will send you an updated version of my bio . Here are the bullet points: PRACTICAL TECHNIQUES TO PRICE EXOTIC ENERGY OPTIONS Definition of an exotic option - price process assumptions - different sources of risk Different types of exotic options used in the energy industry - Asian options - spread options - basket options - swing options Evaluating methodologies for pricing exotics ? ? ? - assessing the pros and cons of different techniques - approximations of closed-form formulas - Monte Carlo techniques - trees - numerical solutions of PDEs ? ? ? - applying multi-factor models to price exotic energy derivatives ? ? ? - building trees for pricing and hedging exotics Practical examples ANALYSING APPROACHES TO WEATHER DERIVATIVES VALUATION Definition of a weather derivative Why does energy industry need weather derivatives ? - hedging volume/price risk as opposed to hedging exclusively price risk - the energy industry's exposure to weather: numerical estimates Different types of weather derivatives used in the energy industry ? ? ? - heating and cooling degree day swaps and options ? ? ? - precipitation contracts - hurricane contracts - financial options contingent on weather - digital options Valuation controversy: actuarial valuation vs . valuation based on the Black-Scholes paradigm Use of Monte Carlo techniques in valuation of weather derivatives Valuing long term transactions Practical example Please , feel free to edit my bullet points to improve my English . It was a pleasure working with you and I hope our roads will cross at some point . The best of luck to you . Vince
FYI Vince
Mark , Thanks . Vince
Harry , In case you are looking for a secretary , here is one candidate . Vince
Paula , Works for me . Maybe we should go out and explore some other options in the Montrose/Heights area . Vince
Scott , I spoke briefly with Edith Terry from our DC office . There is not a good fit for my group but she could be a great asset for you . I have her resume in case you are hiring and would like to take a look at her . Vince
Sam , I shall have it on Monday morning . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Frank , We shall be glad to meet you in Houston . I am sure that we can find many interesting topics to discuss We can pay for your trip to Houston . I shall call you next week to discussthe details . Vince
Shannon , Thanks for the message . See you soon in Houston . Your message serves as a useful reminder . I have to start work on my presentation . Vince
Vasant , Tanya Any interest ? Vince
Escondido Village , 32B Stanford University , CA 94305
Pavel , A follow-up on our discussion concerning the wisdom of IMF recommendations for Russia . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Steve , I shall talk to Anjam about it . Our impression here in Houston is that Thomas is quite qualified and we are very interested in him . A few days will not make much difference in the hiring process . Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
Nick , We may have problems getting the VC location in Houston on short notice . We are currently on stand-by . We shall default , if we have no other choice , to a phone interview . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
FYI Vince
Shirley , We plan to use it only for 30 minutes bet 11:00 and 11:30 . Vince
Kathy , Thanks for your message . We are very interested in talking to Keith . Please , give him my phone number/E-mail address and he can contact me directly . Vince
Maureen , Your presentation: Vince
Margaret , I don't have it . Maybe we can get a copy directly from the CBOT . Info Central could help . Vince
Krishna , We shall have meeting with Kim Watson on Thu at 10:00 , 49 C2 . It will be followed by a Video Conference with Nebraska at 11:30 . Vince
Margaret , Thanks Vince
Jana , It was a pleasure meeting you and John last Saturday . Let's meet again soon . Maybe this film about the suburbs when it arrives in Houston . Vince
Krishna , Any interest ? Vince
Any interest ? Vince
Jesus , Friday , April 28 , works for me . I am free between 8:00 - 10:30 to meet with Aram . Would you like to meet him for lunch or dinner ? Vince
Mark , Did you have a chance to review the E&P company model ( the old cash flow mode ) and determine if it can be used by Fred Lagrasta' group . Please , let me know . Vince
Bill , May I catch a ride with you to the restaurant ? Vince
Steve , Krishna wrote a number of matrix manipulation routines . Vince
Expense check $3592.76
FYI Vince
Tony , Thanks . What time would be convenient for you on April the 22nd ? Vince
Keith will come here on Friday , 1:00 p.m . for an informal interview . Any interest ? Vince
Mike , Here it is Vince
Richard , I would like to inform you that we decided against participation in your project . Thanks for your interest in having Enron involved in the study . Vince Kaminski
The person who can help you with statistical analysis is Vince
Steve , Are you interested in speaking at this conference ? Vince
Tony , 6:30 on Saturday is fine . Vince
Jesus , I yalked to Aram . I have him on my calendar from 8:30 till 10:00 on Friday . A dinner / lunch on Fri would work for me . Vince
Steve , FYI Vince
Shirley , Please , register me . Vince
We are interviewing a number of candidates and will be able to make a decision in the beginning of May . Vince Kaminski
You have missed Joe in yuour prsentation . Vince
Sam , My column Vince
Van , Thanks for your message . We are taking a number of interns this summer , but the A&A program has closed the books for this year . We were able to reopen the list to add one candidate a few weeks ago , but cannot do it again . We promised it would be the last addition . Vince
Grant , Let's invite him for a preliminary interview . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Tony , No problem . Vince
Sam , This is the final version of the presentation . Vince
Do we want to revisit ? Vince
James , I hall appreciate a copy of "A Brief History of the Future." Vince Kaminski Enron
Mike , Any interest ? Maybe we can hire this guy through ProStaff ? Vince
Shirley , Please , put on my schedule . Vince Van , I have contacted Mike Roberts . He may have a need for help during the summer . Vince
Rick , Aram is coming to Houston , in my view , to explore the possibility of coming back to Enron ( given uncertain situation under the Scottish rule at the old Pacificorp) . I shall suggest that he meet with you and/or Ted Murphy as well . I can wait for Karen to come back . It's not urgent . We are still working on the volumetric risk module and the team is making a very good progress . They gave a presentation today to Rick Carson and me . We have to decide what comes next ( Asset/Liability Model or Operational Risk Model) . Vince
I concur . Vince
Steve , How are the discussions with RISK about an article progressing ? Vince
Steve , RISK will give you more exposure in the peer group faster . Shan left ( I think they are firing people at RISK - a normal development for a successful company that got ahead of itself) . If RISK does not work , I shall talk to Phelim about speeding the publicatioVince
It did not work . Vince
It looks fine . Look forward to meeting you again in Houston or New York . Vince
Sorry , I am busy on Thursday . I shall ask Shirley to contact you . Friday 9:30 to 10:30 my time would work . Vince Vince
I shall invite him for Friday for a preliminary interview . Vince
Norberto , I would like to invite you for a preliminary interview
Hello , Please , give me a call . Vince
I spoke with Joe Pokalsky . He will be glad to help you . Please , call him at the number 770 393 7411 . Vince
Steve , I shall E-mail you my standard real option spin presentation + plus a presentation on Enron ( for analysts) . You can use a few slides to introduce the company . I would prefer not to disseminate the information about the use of AMC . The industry does not know about it yet and I consider it a very powerful tool ( given its flexibility) . I have the files on my laptop . I shall bring it to work to morrow and send it to you . Please , remind me about it on Thursday ( old age and the hectic pace here start showing up) . Vince
We can hire the person as a summer intern directly ( outside the A&A pool) . Shirley , please arrange a phone interview as in the case of other candidates Osman found . Vince
Shirley , The candidate for Friday . I have already talked to him . Vince
FYI Vince
Grant , It typically costs too much time to manage one of these special situations . We have no time unless he brings something special to the table . Vince Enron North America Corp .
My preference is C , because of its portability . The hardware and operating systems change so fast that we have to use the most flexible development environment . Vince
Shirley , My Power Point presentations for Peoples' presentation , I need color transparencies . I don't know how many B&W copies we need . You can ask Lynn Pitofsky about the number of participants . Vince
Gordon , It was a pleasure talking to you . I shall ask my assistant to send you the reprint . Vince Kaminski Shirley , Can you , please , send a copy of the paper on credit risk management ( reprint from the RISK book) .
Becky , Please , take a look at the Allocations sheet . Vince
Mark , Thanks a lot . Vince
Hello , My home E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com Vince Kaminski
Mark , Thanks . Vince Mark , Too late . I have already got him for mine . Vince
David , Thanks for your message . You can buy extra 5K of Ginnie Mae Vince
Hello , This is the presentations I have promised . Please , send me your fax # for more info . Vince Kaminski
Steve , Two internal presentations that use a few slides from Blake's presentation . He developed it under a contract with Enron , but we don't want to use it verbatim . Vince
Ted , Can we hire this guy for our audit projects ? Vince
Shirley , Please , send him a copy of the paper on weather derivatives . Vince
Approved Vince Kaminski
Jim , I am scheduled to arrive in Austin on May 4 at 10:32 a.m . I shall be glad to join you and a group of your colleagues for lunch . I am flying back to Houston Friday morning and we can meet for dinner after the class . I shall have a Power Point presentation on my PC . I can also prepare a set of transparencies if this is more convenient for you . Vince
Steve , The schedule is fine with me . One consideration is that in 2 cases it would require two , as opposed to one , round trips . Please , talk to Dale about it and make sure that it is fine with Richard and the RAC group ( they will have to pay for it) . Vince
FYI Vince
Maureen , This is to remind you that we scheduled , at your request , regular weekly meetings . We are supposed to meet every Friday at 8:00 a.m . If I am not at the office , the meeting will be rescheduled . Vince
It makes sense to come to Houston for a longer time period . I think that you should spend here at least 3 weeks . Vince
Joe Pokalsky Phone:
Sorry I shall miss you on Thursday . I shall definitely attend you presentation at Power 2000 . I shall ask about a guest accounton EOL . Typically , such an account allows an outside user to take a look at the system , but I don't think the traders will allow systematic access to the price data over a long period of time by a third party . Vince
Approved . Vince Kaminski
Hi Glen , Congratulations on your greatly enhanced homepage . As expected some links have become obsolete since March . The landscape in this business is changing very fast . Vince
I shall contact both Helyette and Alex and make the arrangements . Cheers . Vince
Sam , Nice card . Thanks . Vince
Julie , No objections . Please , include our names . Vince
Elizabeth , Yes , she referred Norberto to us . We had an informal interview with him . We would like to invite him for a round of formal interviews later this week . Please include me , Tanya Tamarchenko , Ted Murphy , Krishnarao Pinnamaneni , Grant Masson . I asked Liza to talk to you to set up formal arrangements with Enron HR ( a contract , fee schedule approval , etc.) . I shall ask you for help next week when we have more information: several members of our group from London will rotate through our Houston office this summer . We shall need help in making living arrangements , including apartments , car , etc . Also , we have an employee from India rotating through our group this summer . Please , let me know who is the best person in HR to ask for assistance . Vince
Shirley , Austin . Please , set up an interview with me , Stinson , Zimin , Vasant , Grant , Paulo , Krishna . Sometimes next week . Let's make it a formal interview ( coordinated through Elizabeth Grant) . Vince
Jana , Hope to see you at the Houstonian tomorrow . I should be free for the next two weekends Enron permitting) . My family will be back in Houston around mid-June . There will be several concerts at the Pavilion this summer; I have already received the schedule . Vince
Paula , Does not wok for me . Vince
Nick , Thanks for your message . The best date for a visit to Enron would be Friday , May the 26th . Please , let me know if this date would work for you . Vince
FYI Vince
No problem . Vince
Shirley , Sanjeev will come for an informal interview on Friday . He will talk for 10-15 minutes to the following people: 2 . Grant 3 . Krishna 4 . Tanya 6 . Paulo I shall talk to him for 5 minutes Vince
Steve , I can pick up the cost of your trip from the Research Group budget . The more I think about it , the more I am convinced it would be difficult to justify 2 trips per person . I think that we should go for one contiguous stay per person and make a good effort to make these trips productive . Vince
Shirley , How are we doing on bringibg these people to Houston for an interview ? Vince
Dale , Richard , I am ready to cover the cost of Steve's trip to Houston ( one month in the summer) . I think very highly of Steve and think about coaching him a bit to expand his horizons . I see him as a very valuable asset of Enron and a great leader in not too distant future . He needs exposure to more diverse business problems and areas of research . I think it will be in the best interest of the company to devote some resources to foster his development . Vince
Molly , I am enclosing my recommendation letter for Yvan Chaxel . Vince
Let's bring up these two ideas at the meeting with John Bloomer ( to discuss the other product ideas) . Vince
FYI Vince
Hi Jana , Saturday , May the 20th looks good . I shall be in NYC May the17th through 19th ( flying back on Friday) . There are several good movies I would like to see . We can connect later next week to select one . Take care , Vince
Hi Jana , Let's make it dependent on the movie theater and choose a restaurant nearby . My treat . Vince
Steve , The slides are OK . How are the negotiations with RISK proceeding ? They had recently many changes ( firing people) . Vince
Kevin , OK . Vince
Nick , The airport is about 30 minutes by cab from the office ( 1400 Smith) . The best hotel is either Hyatt Regency Downtown or Doubletree Downtown ( it is important to emphasize Downtown when making reservations) . The hotels are within a walking distance from the Enron building . We can make reservations for dinner around 6:30 - 7:00 in a resturant within 10 minutes by car from the hotel . By the way , we shall be very glad to reimburse you for the trip related expenses . Vince
Sue , I shall be available . Vince
Greg , As you may know , Brad Romine's dot.com venture fell apart . The offer from Enron looks much better now . I have arranged for him a number of different interviews ( including one with you) . I think we should not be too punitive and give him the 2nd chance . I am also setting up for him interviews with RAC and EBS and he should be able to negotiate a good first rotation . Please , give me a call if you have any other question . Vince Kaminski
Betty , Thanks . Vince
Shirley , Please keep it on your radar screen . Vince
Celeste , I am forwarding you a letter from Prof . Duane Seppi from Carnegie Mellon University . I have known Duane for many years and I know that he does not make his recommendations without very good reasons . I would recommend looking at John Gordon as a very strong candidate: I think he will make a terrific contribution to Enron . Vince
John , This is the update on what I have done for the LNG transactions . 1 . I was not involved in the LNG ship project . I shall read the DASH and give you my comments . Without looking at the details , I think that the decision to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the Elba Island project ( please , see point 2) . 2 . Elba Island . I am working with Doug Rotenberbg , Brad Hitch , Scott Earnest ( Sally Beck's organization ) and RAC to set up the book for the Elba Island transaction . The next step will be to expand the book to capture all the Enron's LNG-related positions in one place and to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges . A working group is meeting to close a few remaining gaps tomorrow ( Tuesday ) at 8:30 . A few comments on the book design and my view of the project: a . The current thinking is that LNG will be sourced for the Elba Island facility by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis . Marginal cargos will represent supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long-term contracts or became available due to some short-term frictions . The fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the long-term contract prices . The economics of the deal , as represented by the book we are setting up , will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal cargos but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis , arranging shipping and coordinating the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the US . In other words , we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction . b . The transaction will cover the period of 17 years ( with an extension option of 5 years) . Even if we can lock-in the LNG volumes over this time period , we have no ability to lock-in the other side of the spread ( US gas prices ) for such a long tenor . This is essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the LNG - nat gas spread and I would not recommend locking-in only one leg of the spread . One solution would be to cover , let's say , 50% of he LNG volumes for the first 5 years and lock-in the nat gas side on the US market side . c . The book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions regarding sources of LNG , shipping rates , schedules , etc . I would set up a big prudence reserve in case we mark it to market . d . My group will work on valuation of some options we have in the Elba Island deal ( that are good for Enron ) and on the hedging strategy for the LNG positions . Long-term LNG contracts are typically based on the Japanese Crude Cocktail that correlates very well with Brent . Vince
David , Thanks . I cc you on my message to John Sherriff . Please , let me know what you think about my comments . Vince
Lauren , Vince
John , Sorry for the confusion . This is a second tanker on which very few details are available .  The LNG group is working as we speak to provide some information for Joe Sutton before his departure for Paris this ( Tuesday ) afternoon . There is no DASH on this 2nd tanker yet . I asked Dave Gorte on Monday to send me one and was not told that he can provide me with the Mystic Lady DASH as the closest substitute . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Teresa , It's OK to hire S . Tamarchenko as a summer temporary employee . We need all the help we can get this summer . I assume it will be 40 hrs a week , as long as ut conforms with all the external and internal regulations . Vince
Martha , Thanks . In case you missed an FT article , please take a look at the attachment . Vince
FYI Vince
Michael , The science of measuring operational risk is in its early stages of development . There are really no cook-book solutions . One has to use creativity and a lot of common sense . Vince
Greg , E-commerce related proposal from Dale Nesbitt . Vince
John , Yes . I have additional info about this transaction . Vince
Teresa , Thanks . Vince
Reviewed by Mark Williams , SVP Risk Management , Citizens Power The long awaited second edition of Managing Energy Price Risk has finally arrived . It has been four years since the first edition was published . During this hiatus , a lot has happened as risk management within the rapidly expanding energy industry has come of age as a respected discipline . The second edition is a rich compilation of papers by a surprisingly representative group of industry leaders , practitioners and academics . The books strength is that it reinforces the fact that risk management principles initially applied to a narrow band of energy commodities can and should be applied across a wide array of energy commodities including electricity . As expected the book does a solid job in capturing an international perspective on the various challenges , which are not isolated to any one continent but are global in scope . It includes a lengthy introduction that effectively frames risk management progress , advancements and innovations that started in the oil markets in the 1970's and migrated to the natural gas and most recently expanding to the electricity industry . Managing Energy Price Risk is comprised of 15 chapters , all of which include an introduction , which minimises the disjointedness that you may expect from a book written by a large number of authors . Other improvements in this second edition include expanded graphics , highlighted panels , detailed appendices and a separate glossary , which provides the reader with additional reference material . In particular the chapter on energy options written by Michael Hampton is a useful primer and provides the reader with a concise explanation of option theory , pricing , basis risk , delta hedging as well as practical guidelines for distinguishing between hedging and pure speculation . For the more advanced reader , the chapter on Energy Exotic Options , written by Vince particularly strong as it outlines the challenges associated with the exotics and effectively documents the latest methods used by leading practitioners in pricing such instruments . Additionally , the chapter on Accounting for Derivative Contracts in the Energy Environment by three consultants from Arthur Anderson , is a well written summary which addresses the numerous tax related issues including a timely discussion on the US Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement 133 ( see EPRM October 1999 , page 22) . Having this tax information housed in one concise chapter is of great value . The second edition however is not without flaws . In particular , it would have been useful to have more information on the current challenges risk managers are confronted with in the power industry including latest advancements in volatility and correlation estimation techniques . Additional attention could have also been placed on the shortcomings of the current market structure and methods in finding and applying appropriate hedging strategies and instruments . In the fledgling power market , this continues to be one of the primary challenges . In summary , this second edition of Managing Energy Price Risk builds upon the sentinel work laid out in the prior edition and is a valuable reference book for the new recruit or seasoned veteran . It is a welcome edition to any risk management library .
John , Bill Bradford is on vacation . I passed your question regarding EXMAR credit rating to Debbie Brackett . Vince
Enron North America Corp .
I think it makes sense to visit with SKG and obtain more information . I assume they are located in or near Boston . I shall be in Boston in mid June and can meet them . Vince
FYI You can send me short E-mail messages when I travel to an alternative E-mail address: vkaminski@palm.net . Vince
FYI Vince
Mark , Thanks for the info . I shall check it out . Vince
Emma , Thanks and the best of luck in your new job . Vince
Julia , I am sending you a copy of the nondisclosure agreement I received from a professor at UT Austin . Three UT academics developed a model that may be useful in our pricing applications . They envisage the possibility of either selling this model to Enron or of joint research effort in this area . Can you , please , take a look at the attached legal document . Vince
Thanks fro your message . What about June 22 ? I have several trips in between May 25 and June 22 . Vince
Krishna , I shall order reprints . Vince Shirley , Can you , please , order reprints ? Vince
Ravi , Please , take a look at the book review . Vince
Tanya , Another thought . Should Vincent go as well ? Vince
Jana , Thanks for your message . I have recovered from my trip over the weekend . I was waiting for my flight till early morning hours on Saturday . I wasn't dressed for a chilly night at La Guardia and came back with a slight cold . Houston Intercontinental got a lot of rain as well . The place was full of stranded passengers sleeping on the floors . The roof was leaking at a few places and there were pools of water everywhere . Sat , June the 3rd will work for me . Hope to see you then . Vince
Thanks a lot . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Mark Kierlanczyk DKB House 24 William Street
Steve , The Journal of Risk is a more technical and serious publication than RISK MAgazine . If the article is published it will give you more exposure in the academic circles . I think it will be a significant accomplishment . On the downside , it does not receive the same wide circulation as RISK among the practitioners . I can also see the reason behind the recommendation given by Navroz: the article is fairly long for RISK .
Marek , Vince will be available at home on Tuesday and Friday this week , bet 1:00 p.m . and 5 p.m . California time ( 3 hrs difference to NYC) . His phone number is 650 497 6938 .
Dave , I will be glad to participate . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Ross , I shall call Risk on Thursday . Vince Shirley , please , remind me about it .
Julian Rose 15 Greenwich Hills Drive Greenwich , CT 06831
Any interest ? Vince
Jim , Can we meet on Friday to discuss this topic . The person who supports power , Grant Masson , will be out for the next two days . Vince
Kevin , For your information . Vince
Elizabeth , I want to discuss the issue of the compensation of Norberto with my boss . Vince
Elizabeth , Sorry to see you go . It was a pleasure working with you . Vince
Tanya , Please , ask him to make the arrangements . Vince
I 234938
Iris , We can invite you for an interview to Houston . What would be a the time for you ? Vince
Lucie , Yes , I have received the package . Vince
Shirley , Please , can you coordinate this ? Vince
Shirley , Yes . I do . I shall give it to you tomorrow . Vince
Dan , I am forwarding you the summary of the information for EOL that we can provide . I shall talk to RISK magazine to settle the copyright issues . Vince
Shirley , Please , send him a copy of the book and reprints . Vince
I shall be glad to join you for dinner on Sunday . I shall be also available for the panel discussion . I would like to thank you one more time for the invitation to speak at the conference . Vince
Soma , Yes , no problem . Vince
FYI Vince
June 22 works for me . Do you want to firm it up ? Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
Vince
Dear Mr . Enthofer , I regret to decline your kind invitation to speak at the Alpbacher I have another engagement in the beginning of October in Paris . Vince Kaminski
Thanks again for the invitation to speak at the conference . The program was very interesting and I learned a lot . I hope you can visit us in Houston sometimes in the next few months . Vince
I have a copy of the article . I agree with you . The model is essentially the same ( in intentions) . I shall distributed the copy of the paper to the trades here . It explains well the logic behind the model and it's an independent source . Vince
Michael , It's a cottage industry and nobody can read all that's published . The Journal of Derivatives and the Journal of Finance are two primary publications I would recommend . Vince
Beth , I could not open the document . Vince
Oliver , I will attend . Vince
Grant , Did you meet him ? What about John Hopley's group ? Vince
Beth , Thanks . Vince
Thanks . Vince
Tanya , Grant , Can you join ? Vince
Jana , Saturday looks good . I shall be involved in job interviews at Enron all Saturday and should be done by 5 p.m . We can go the Angelica Movie Center . I shall check the program tonight and call you tomorrow to review the options . Vince
John , 5 works . Vince
Tanya , Grant , It will be 5:00 p.m . instead of 4:00 . Vince
Any interest ? Vince
Julia , The lawyers at UT at Austin have some questions regarding your corrections to the non-disclosure agreement . Specifically , they want to discus the arbitration provision . The name of the lawyer at UT is Gene Bartley , 512 471 2995 . Vince
FYI Vine
FYI Vince
Dear Mr . Fujita , Thank you very much for the pictures . I have talked to RISK and they will be contacting you shortly . Vince Kaminski
Chris , Thanks for the invitation . I shall be glad to meet you and your family in Sydney at your home . I am enclosing the draft of my part of the chapter . It's more than preliminary but I hope to improve it greatly over the weekend . I shall forward you a new version on Sunday evening my time . Grant is moving along on his part . I hope it reduces the penalty to broken knee-caps . I shall send you a longer message from home to give you an update on my conversations with EPRM regarding the articles . Vince
Jeff , I would like to get on your calendar ( together with Jeff Shankman ) for 15 - 30 minutes to discuss the results of my visit at the Wharton School with Tom Piazze . A separate message about this visit will follow . I would like also to talk to you about the way we manage our relationships with different universities . Historically , we were rather passive customers of the academic institutions , trying to hire the best students and limiting our presence on the campuses mostly to the recruiting trips and campus receptions . We should rethink the way we work with universities . The efforts to get the best students look more and more like a hand-to-hand combat and often we are not very successful . It is critical that we increase our presence on the campuses and this can be accomplished in a number of different ways: 1 . Involvement in research projects . For example , we are currently underwriting two research projects at Stanford University , involving Ph.D . students of Professor Nicholas Bambos ( a top expert on communications networks) . We shall participate in formulation of the projects' objectives and will be given access to the results . Involvement in research projects allows us to obtain access to current scientific developments in the leading universities and also to lock-up some very promising students . Most companies in the high tech industries have such programs . 2 . Lectures and presentations by Enron employees . Practically every presentation I have made so far at different universities resulted in a number of resumes and hiring decisions . It is important that students get exposed to Enron early in their academic program . In many cases , the best students have already made up their mind by the time we approach them during their senior years . 3 . Visits by faculty members in Enron . Closer cooperation with the universities has many advantages in addition to getting the best students and obtaining access to current research . The universities are very important in shaping public opinion on the issues critical to Enron's future ( especially in the area of deregulation and design of new markets) . Currently , the relationships with many leading academic centers depend on personal commitment of a number of overworked Enron employees . In many cases , there is no continuity and focus . I want to recommend a creation of a special function ( VP or MD level ) responsible for coordinating our relationships with the universities . This function would be separate from our Analyst/Associate program . I have many ideas how this function could be structured . Vince
1 . Cuthbert Roberts ammonia 5-8911 6 . Dick 58808 Visual project 7 . Gary's Project Oil & Gas 10 . Letter to Mike Moscoso
Bryan , I shall call you later today when I have a chance to read the message from Ben . I wanted to ask you for a favor ( on a very short notice) . We are talking to the Wharton School about setting up a relationship with them and getting involved in one or more research projects with them . One of the potential topics is emerging technologies . The Wharton offers a symposium in Paris on June 10 on High Tech Acquisitions and it would make a lot of sense if you ( or somebody from London you could identify ) could attend and help us to evaluate the usefulness of this project . I am enclosing the message from the person in Wharton running this program . Vince
Chris , We shall try to call you around 5:00 p.m . our time on Monday . What is the best phone number we can use to reach you ? Vince
Phil , I am in California later this week . Driving with my family back to Houston . Vince Phil Sisneros@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Chris , Vince
Dale , I have passed on the information you gave me but you have to realize that I acted just as a go-between . I shall be glad to remind our new business unit about your proposal . I have already asked a few times . I shall be traveling this week , Wed - Fri . I shall be back in the office on Monday . Vince
Steve , A meeting at 8:00 - 8:15 is fine with me . Vince
Ammonia prices for Bob Lee . Vince
Kevin , I have followed up on your request to identify a potential hire from Akamai ( a person familiar with their technology) . We can start discussions with the targets in a few days . Please , let me know which unit in EBS is a potential hiring agent . If it's Research , who inside EBS can sponsor this position ? We have to discuss the responsibilities and job description . Vince
Ginger & Cheryl , I will attend . Vince Kaminski P.S . Shirley , please put it on my schedule .
Ben Thanks for attending . I was on "vacation" last week ( driving from Ca to Houston ) and could not answer your first message regardoing Insead conference in time . The objective was to find out more about the he Workshop on High-tech acquisitions and evaluate the usefulness of the program for Enron . I shall be making a recommendation to Jeff Skilling that we should work with Wharton as a partner in a number of different research projects . I shall try to catch you next week to find out what was said about valuation of small high-tech firms . Vince
We can meet for dinner on the 21st . Then you can visit with us on the 22nd in the morning and have individual meetings . At 11:30 you can meet the entire Research Group at our weekly lunch meeting . We can continue individual meetings in the afternoon . Please , make a reservation at Hyatt Regency Downtown or Double Tree Downtown ( there are several hotels with the same names) . Vince
Kevin , Thanks . Vince
Vince
Dillard , Barbara Enron 150 North Michigan ( and Randolph ) Suite 3064 Chicago
David , Please , stop by to chat about it for a few minutes . Vince
Marek ,
FYI Vince
David , Please , call Shirley Crenshaw ( my assistant) , extension 5-5290 to set it up . Vince
Dale , Thanks for the update . I fully concur with all the rankings . It seems things are going well with the Research Group in London and this is , to a very large extent , your contribution . I think that Anjam has improved a lot . I don't think , however , that he can run the group in the future . Steve emerged as a natural leader and has overwhelming support in the organization . Vince
Teresa , I would like to invite Iris for an interview in Houston . She works currently in London Can you call her and ask when she is planning to visit the States . We could pay the airfare from a location in the States . I would hate to pay the 1st class ticket from London to Houston , though I would go for it , if necessary ( I don't want a candidate to think that we are that cheap) . Business class is a standard for business related , cross-Atlantic flights . I would be more comfortable if you could negotiate this issue . Thanks Vince
Trish , I could not access his neural network site . It requires access password . Vince
If u r there send me a message . Vince
John , It seems to me that using a risk-free rate is not appropriate . I shall elaborate on my position and send you a longer message this afternoon ( my time) . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
An interesting piece of information from the oil markets . Iraq is trying to extract concessions from the US and threatens to shut down production as of Oct 1 ( just in time for the US elections) . The source of this info is Phil Verlaeger ( an oil analyst) . He is very good but excessively concerned with Iraqi machinations . He is the source of news ( reported by Friedman of the New York Times in his op-ed columns ) about massive Iraqi trading in the oil futures markets . I personally discount this info: the volume and transparency of the oil markets would not support this type of huge scale operations by Saddam's government . There may be some trading by Iraqi officials on the side . Vince
We shall make reservations for dinner at Vincent's on West Dallas ( 2701 West Dallas , 713 528 4313) . We shall make reservations fro 7:00 p.m . You can call me on my cell phone ( 713 410 5396 ) if there is a problem . We shall have about 25-30 people at the meeting on Thu at See you tomorrow . Vince
Shane , Thanks for your message . As a matter of fact , I expected your resume in time for our summer internship program . We shall be glad to invite you for an interview . How long "sabbatical" do you envisage ? Vince P.S . Shirley , please , call Shane to arrange an interview with HR .
Doug , The model for the Elba Island . Vince
Alla , Thanks for the presentation . I opened it without any problems . Vince
A presentation on credit risk modeling . Vince
Shirley , Please , transfer one of C++ licenses to me . Vince
Hello , This is regarding my mentee . I talked to him today . Giuseppe did not receive the invitation to the Thursday reception . Vince
These are my coordinates Vince
Bryan , The person from Citibank: I am attaching the resume of Iris Mack . Vince
Mark , Mike , I have scheduled a video conference with this gentleman on Thursday this week at 3:30 p.m . Can you join me for this conversation ? Vince
Ken , I shall be glad to join you for lunch with MEC . Vince Kaminski
John , Please , give me another day to elaborate . It's quite hectic here . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
Tanya , Can you E-mail to me the graph showing VaR for a frozen portfolio , over one year ? Vince
Eloise , I shall buy one "Medium" . Vince
Please , give me a call when you land on my regular and cell phone . I shall proceed to the restaurant ( about 10 minutes from the office) . Please , keep the copies of all the receipts . Vince
OK Vince Kaminski
Shane , Two years is eternity at Enron . Vince
Shirley , Please , send our logo to Debra . Vince Sorry if you get this impression . The real reason is that I treat the lunch meetings as an opportunity to get updates on things that are going on at more remote locations . I interact with each of the members of your group daily and I know what's going on . I agree with you , however , that the lunch meetings are not exclusively for my benefit , but also for the benefit of the other members of the group . I shall make sure that you have the opportunity to communicate your contribution to the company . Vince
Eric , Thank you for your message . The only other message in my mailbox from you is dated 6/11/2000 and contains a reference to a resume I cannot locate . I checked the log of all the messages and could not find any other communication from you . Please , send a message with a resume again and we shall go from there . Vince Kaminski
I will make sure that you have the opportunity to present your contributions . It makes also sense to ask Paulo every time to say a few words . Vince
Shane , Fine with me . Vince
Amy , Thanks . Steve will contact you directly to give you all the details . Vince
Strickland Chris 227,Black Prince Ave , Coventry UK
Eric , I have forwarded your resume to a number of units of Enron . My group hires candidates with advanced degrees in science and mathematics . Vince Kaminski
I am forwarding a resume of one candidate who is very persistent and quite aggressive . Please , take a look at him . Vince
FYI Vince
Elena , FYI Vince
Celeste , Thanks . Vince
Please , take a look at the attached newsletter . Vince Mark , Please , tale a look at the attached newsletter . An interesting story on gaming Cal PX . Let me know if you have problems opening the document . Vince
Original version . Vince
John , I think the crucial distinction is between recognition of risks and elimination of risks through hedges ( as correctly pointed out in other messages) . Being aware of risk does not mean that one does not want to be compensated for it . Now a few more detailed comments . 1 . I think that illiquidity discount represents double counting when combined with a project finance discount rate . Illiquidity discount , in my view , should be applied to financial options that trade in a market without sufficient depth . One should apply a haircut if liquidating a position takes a long time . The approach used in valuation of the Turkish transaction is the same as approach used in valuation of investments in physical assets , which are by definition illiquid . This illiquidity is recognized through other aspects of valuation technology used in RAROC . If we apply an illiquidity correction in this case , we should be consistent and use this approach across the board for all project finance type cases ( not that I recommend this course of action) . 2 . Valuation of an unheadgable options . Let's look at it from the position of a seller of the option . He cannot hedge a short call or put and Black-Scholes valuation becomes the floor for the valuation: the seller has to be compensated for taking a price risk ( as opposed to taking a vol risk when he hedges) . The issue of the compensation he will require becomes fuzzy . The option really becomes an insurance type product and pricing depends on two factors: 1 . risk preference 2 . existing portfolio positions Risk preference . Insurance companies typically require a payment that consists of two parts: expected loss + unexpected loss . The latter is typically defined as 1 to 2 standard deviations . The number of standard deviations depends on risk appetite and the ability to absorb the loss . I admit that it is a bit fuzzy , but this is the way the world works . We looked into insurance pricing at the request of Jere Overdyke . You can talk to Vasant Shanbhogue to find out more about it . Existing portfolio positions . An additional contract may increase or decrease the risk of the overall portfolio . I would expect the deal to provide some risk diversification , but it does not look to me as a deal that reduces risk ( given all our positions in this region) . What are the practical implications ? Pricing depends on risk appetite ( the utility function of a decision maker in technical jargon ) and becomes to some degree arbitrary . If we are short an option embedded in a deal and the option cannot be hedged , we should subtract from the value of the contract the value of the option ( that is greater than the Black - Scholes value) . If we don't price this option explicitly , the valuation of a contract will be based on a discount rate with a risk premium . In the case of an option buyer , the situation is reversed . If he cannot hedge , he should recognize the risk of losing the value of his investment and apply a discount to the value of the option . How big is the discount ? See the comments above . In the special case , where hedging is possible and the Black-Scholes-Merton paradigm applies , both values will become equal ( ignoring transaction costs) . The values of an option form the point of view of a seller and a buyer will converge . 3 . What happens in case we use simulation technology ? We can discount at the risk free rate along each scenario ( each scenario will recognize the downside and/or upside at different points in time in different states of the world) . If we run a sufficient number of scenarios , we shall get a distribution of NPV as of today . Knowing this distribution means that we can estimate risk , but in most cases we are still holding it . The expected value should be , therefore , adjusted for risk . This is equivalent to using a discount rate with a risk premium . I hope this helps . Please , call me with additional questions . Sorry for a delay in responding to this question . I ran my response by Stinson and Vasant , to make sure we all agree . It's a very complicated technical problem and the financial theory does not have good answers . Vince
We may become famous in Japan . Please , see the message below . Vince
Hi Jana , I would like to invite you to visit us in the Woodlands one weekend in July . My wife wants to make the house presentable after her long absence and the months of my neglect . I think I need the coming long weekend to clean up all the papers and we shall be ready . What about the following weekend or the next one ? Vince
Sam , One correction after Stinson in my note at the very end . You can easily see the correction ( redundant "with" was removed) . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Shirley , Please , set up a phone interview . Stinson , Krishna , Paulo , Grant . Vince
3 . Barbara Weather
FYI Vince
Piotr , 10 Snowbird The Woodlands , TX 77381 ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( office mobile phone )
Jana , A correction . I am going to spend one week in Australia and I have just realized that I have to leave on Friday , July the 14th , at night , to arrive in Sydney on Sunday morning . Maybe we can meet on Friday the 7th ( we would like to invite you to dinner and then we can have a glass of wine outside , the weather and mosquitoes permitting) . Alternatively , we can meet during the weekend of July the 29th . Vince
Dale , Sorry for a delay in responding to your message . I shall talk to the head of our B2B unit on Friday this week and shall remind him about your visit . I hope he can make a decision at this time whether he is interested in pursuing this opportunity Vince
Ed , I shall be available on both days . What about Wednesday , July 12 , between 1:30 and 4:00 . Please , let me know what time would work for you . It will be nice to see you again . Vince P.S . By the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL ?
Greg , Dale Nesbitt is a consultant who develops pricing models ( spot and fwd ) prices for E-commerce sites . He will be in Houston in the beginning of July . Any interest in meeting him ? Vince
I shall take care of it Thursday . Please , call me at the end of the day . Vince
FYI , My message to RISK . Vince
Clayton , It translates into a credit risk for those on the other side of the hedge . Many producers have a long history of poor timing of hedges . I could give you quite a long list . They definitely need a bright adviser who will tell them the price of gas two years from now . Vince
Shirley , Can you , please , call him and ask what would be best timing . The last week of July would be best . I would like Grant , Alex , Zimin , Krishna and Stinson to meet him . Vince
Thanks for your message . My assistant will call you to discuss the timing of the visit . Vince
Tom , Greg's phone number is 713 853 5220 . He is very difficult to reach ( frequent trips) . You may find this information useful: Greg is a West Point graduate and spent a few years in the military , before obtaining an MBA from Stanford . He is a very dynamic person and a very pragmatic thinker . I hope you have a great holiday weekend . Vince
Jana , What about Friday ro Saturday night ( your choice) . Vince
Sam , Thanks . I shall write one . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Mike , Please , take a look at it . Can we give him some useful comments to establish a relationship ? Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , Business , like Ehud Ronn's visit . Vince
Barry , Stinson forwarded your message to me . I am meeting Ted Murphy today and I shall bring it up with him . We have unit at Research ( Tanya Tamarchenko , reporting to Grant Mason ) who is responsible for V@R support . Vince
FYI Vince
Scott , FYI . From Le Monde Diplomatique . Vince
John , Very interesting , I would make a point that the generation demand is highly volatile and driven to a large extent by weather . Also , the changes in the structure of gas demand require development of different types of storage ( more peaking storage) . Vince
Molly , My recommendation letter . Vince Enron North America Corp .
David , Can you use my MM funds to cover thislast purchase ? I need to request another check from PWJ and it takes always time . Vince
Shirley , Can you copy and paste it and send it to the entire group ? Vince
Ed , Wednesday , July 12 , 2:300 will work for me . I shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com . I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me . Vince
George , Would you like to take a like at the service ( see below) . The meeting is on July 12 at 2:30 ( 19th floor) . Vince
Jim , Clarification regarding Shalesh' transfer to EBS . The request to rotate Shalesh out of Research into EBS came from Ravi Thuraisingham . My understanding was that it was fully coordinated with you and I was more than happy to oblige . Shalesh is concerned that his integrity is being questioned and I can assure you that he was not the instigator of the move . My impression is that Shalesh is doing a very good job and Ravi is very happy him . I shall be glad to keep him in the Research Group in his current role . Have a good 4th of July . Vince
George , John , We shall notify you about the location . Vince P.S . Shirley , please add George and John to the list ( Grant , Alex , Sevil as well) .
Jim , I agree with you . It just burns your time and mine . I shall take care of it when Ravi comes back from vacation . Vince
Michael , Please , contact Zimin Lu . Vince Kaminski
Shane , Monday would work for us . My assistant will contact you Wednesday to arrange the interviews . Vince
A note: in both cases makes a reservation explicitly at a DOWNTOWN hotel . There are hotels with the same names elsewhere in Houston . Vince
CERA
Password: rmgsite .
Cindy , October 11 would work for me . This is the date of my visit to Austin to make a presentation Ehud's MBA class . If you need me to go to Austin an a different day , please , let me know . I shall be glad to help you , my schedule permitting . Vince
Paul , Raymond , Thanks for your message . Sorry I did not get in touch with you earlier . The last few weeks were very hectic . I am starting right now my preparations for the presentation I am going to give at the conference . Here are the details of my itinerary ( I shall send you a copy tomorrow) . I arrive Sunday morning and leave Saturday morning . The conference takes place on Monday and Tuesday . On Wednesday , I am making a presentation at the workshop on value-at-risk . I would like to stay at the conference for the duration: it's a great learning opportunity for me . On Thursday and Friday , as well as in the evenings ( except for the evening of July 18) , I am at you disposal . I would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as I can about the Australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda . I shall be glad to make several presentation . I can repeat my workshop presentation on value-at-risk as well as cover additional topics . Vince
FYI Vince
Dale , Confirmed . Vince
Correction , Jack welch is the CEO of GE , not GM . Vince Kaminski
Jana , Friday , July 28th works for us . We can work out details closer to the 28th . If you take Hardy Toll Road , you will need about 40-45 minutes to get to the Woodlands on Friday after 6:00 p.m . I shall send you detailed directions later . Look forward to seeing you again . Vince
Brenda , What test are we supposed to carry out ? Is Monday next week OK ? Vince
Hi Van , Thanks for your message . Please , stop by and say Hello . Vince
Lloyd , I think that we can arrange a few video conference meetings instead . I don't see a justification for extending the stay over the weekend if we have an alternative solution . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
Liz Purcell
Lloyd , Yes , this would be very useful . I was told that we should not do any official business with MG until July 15 . I don't want to violate those rules of engagement and go beyond casual contacts . After the 15th all the stops are off . Vince
Toni , Thanks . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Shirley , Let's act on it . Vince
Grab me on Monday . Vince
Beth , I could not access the document . Vince
Ronnie , The file . Vince
Sam , Which one ? Can you send it to me ? Vince Enron North America Corp .
Shirley , Please , put Oleg Bodnar on Jeff Shankman's and John Arnold's schedules for an interview . He should be already on John Lavorato's schedule . Vince
Kevin , Yes , I am available . Please send a resume to Shirley Crenshaw . Shirley will call you to set up the time . Vince
Joe , In case you have not seen it . Vince
Margaret , Thanks . Vince
Shirley , Please , forward to the Research Group and confirm I shall come . Vince
Julian Rose 15 Greenwich Hills Drive Greenwich , CT 06831
Mike , Craig , Lucy , No problem . The last Issue I have is June . GD may have been referring to the July issue . We can ask Ed on Wednesday . I would also take his advice with a grain of salt . Vince
Shirley , Do you have a logo we can use ? Plz , fwd it to her . Vince
Allen , Let me try again . Vince
SAP
As I have pointed out , short-selling the stock may be a bad decision because of tax implications ( ignoring the legal aspects) . Suppose the strike is $70 and you were granted an ATM option . You sell short at $70 ten lots ( one lot = 100 shares) . The price goes to You lose $30 x 1000 = $30,000 on your short position . Option exercise gives you $30,000 . This is before taxes . You pay taxes on your option income ( it's treated as ordinary income) . The tax is 28% x $30,000 = $8,400 . You can use only $3,000 of your loss against ordinary income . This saves you only $840 in taxes . Of course , if you have capital gains , you can use losses on your option position as an offset . The remaining part of your capital loss is carried forward and you get the tax benefits over time ( less the time value of money) , assuming you have income in the future ( or capital gains) . Not so good . By the way , valuation and optimal exercise of employee stock options is a very interesting and difficult problem . Vince
Shirley , Here it is . Vince
Thanks . I want to subcribe ( see the list below) . Vince Kaminski
FYI Vince
Shirley , Please , register me for Friday . Vince
There are many interesting papers on executive stock options . Keep bugging me for them . Vince
Barbara , My apologies . I was traveling and then we had the usual end of the quarter pandemonium . I am sending you my presentations and would like to get back to you with some questions regarding your products . Vince
Tom , Thanks for your message . I shall be glad to attend the meeting ( of course a lot may happen between now and then and we may have many unexpected developments in a company as dynamic as Enron) . I want to get back to you at some point with comments on your paper . Vince
Anita , Thanks . Vince
Beth , I cannot read this message . Vince
Dale , My recommendation is to make Steve the head of the research unit in London . We were talking originally about September but I think we should accelerate this process . Of course , Anjam will be very unhappy about it , but we cannot manage around him any longer . I think that the promotion should be combined with a salary increase . I would like to offer him a significant increase that goes with expanded responsibilities and much higher visibility . A salary increase will also bring him closer to the market . We see the market for technical people going through the roof in practically every location where we operate . A contract is not a good solution in my view . It creates a sense of false security for both an employee and the company . I shall send a message to John Sherriff with my recommendation . I shall cc you . I would appreciate if you could bring it up with John as well . Vince
Rick , The IT person Tanya would like to have dedicated to the MG effort is Vince
Beth , I would appreciate it . See you at 11:45 tomorrow . Vince
I am forwarding the resume of Wendell Licon who works for Enron in the HR department ( executive compensation) . He used to be an FX trader . I am thinking about moving him to research when his current boss is ready to release him . I think , however , that you should take a look at him as well and see if he fits your needs . Vince
Bring AER
Dale , I started drafting the letter to John . I shall send you a cc later this week . Vince
Shirley , Please mark these dates on my calendar . Vince
Erin , A book by Martha Amram and Nalin Kulatilaka is an excellent non-technical introduction to real options and it contains all the most important references to more advanced books and papers . The book has an endorsement by Jeff Skilling on the cover page . The Research Group offered several one-day seminars on real options and applications to the energy industry . We still have a few binders with the presentation materials available if you are interested . We plan to repeat the seminar sometimes in the fall . The first part of the seminar ( about 4 hours in the morning ) covers general concept of real options and their applicability to the energy business . The second , more technical afternoon session , covers stochastic processes used to model price uncertainty in the energy markets and specific case studies ( valuation of natural gas storage facilities and of peaking gas-fired power plants) . The real options approach has been developed specifically to address the problem of making investment decisions under uncertainty . Nobody in this field claims that this is a perfect tool , but it represents a significant progress compared to other techniques developed earlier . Discounted cash flow analysis that tries to incorporate uncertainty through analysis of several , in most cases , arbitrary scenarios ( most likely , optimistic , pessimistic) . These scenarios don't identify explicitly the risk drivers and don't specify the future proactive management decisions . The real , option approach is very powerful because it allows to ( 1 ) capture uncertainty in an explicit way and ( 2 ) to design investment projects that allow to exploit future positive developments and reduce future exposures to downside risk . This approach allows also create a link between investment decisions and future operational decisions . Forward-looking investment decisions create options that are exercised in the future through active management of a project . The real options technology relies heavily on advanced statistical tools to come up with the representation of future possible states of the world . The real challenge is to use these tools in a sensible way . I have seen in my career ( almost 30 years of applying mathematical tools to business and economic problems ) many quants armed with powerful computers who reminded me of monkeys armed with hammers . The challenge is not to run mechanically thousands of simulations based on arbitrary assumptions but to translate in a creative way the insights of people who understand specific businesses into parsimonious quantitative models . It is especially critical to stress-test the assumptions of any model and to ask the question if the outcome of a model depends critically on any set of assumptions . If this is the case one should use common sense to examine the underlying assumptions . I remember that in the early eighties quite a few models simulated the dynamics of oil prices , but all the stochastic scenarios represented fluctuations around a very optimistic upward trend . One would have been better off stepping back and asking a simple question what Economics 101 teaches about cartels and the dynamics of supply and demand . Enron North America Corp .
Yes , very much . Please stop by this week or during the week of the 24th . I am in Australia next week . Vince
Erin , Thanks . Vince Enron North America Corp .
John , Like beauty , it's in the eye of the beholder . My experience is that sometimes people with unconventional backgrounds have most to offer . Vince
Kevin , No problem . Vince No problem . Vince
The file
Erin , Thanks Vince Enron North America Corp .
Hedging with the underlying may be unconstitutional ever since slavery has been abolished . Vince
Bryan , Thanks for your question and the message . I shall let you know as soon as we have a date for the next real options seminar . Vince
Sheila , I am attaching the list of people who are top retention priority . The list is in the spreadsheet and the names are in the highlighted cell ( red background) . I am also attaching the resume you asked for . Vince
Lloyd , No problem . I wanted to make sure that everybody realizes how detailed-oriented our tasks are and that we have to be in direct communication with our counterparties . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
Van , I am leaving for Australia today . What about the week of the 24th ? Vince
Guillermo , My slides are attached . There were many other speakers at this conference . You can purchase the documentation from Energy and Power Risk Management . Vince
Raymond , I shall call you on Sunday after my arrival in Sydney . Look forward to meeting you again . I shall be ready to speak on all the topics you mentioned . Vince
Shirley , Can you , please , send my itinerary to Ludmila ? Vince
Grtant Masson looked into it . Vince
John , Thanks . Vince
Dale , To follow up on my earlier message . Anjam expressed his concern that Sharad is holding off on our offer . I would consider bumping it up to with a sign-on bonus . We badly need fresh talent . I shall be in Australia next week . If you need any additional intervention from us , please , call Stinson . Vince
John , I have the electronic versions of my presentations on my laptop . I shall E-mail both presentations to you tonight . Thanks for your interest . Vince
John , I shall E-mail the information about SDDP from Houston . Vince
Kevin , Yes . Please , give him my E-mail address or the phone number . Vince
Shirley , Please , give them the details that are included in a standard bio plus E-mail , phone number etc . Vince
Eric , I have the presentation on my laptop and I shall send you the presentation in a few days when I get my back to my office in Houston . I am currently using the system as a guest in our Sydney office . The person I mentioned is Anthony Dayao . Vince Kaminski
Guillermo , I am currently in Sydney with no access to my data base . You can find the info you need at www.riskbooks.com . Vince
Clayton , We can discuss your request when I come back to the office on Monday . Regarding the trip to Portland . Such a trip requires an explicit prior permission from your boss , myself in his absence , or Stinson in my and Vasant's absence . In case you did not ask for such a permission before , the request is denied . Vince
Shirley , Iris took another job . Vince
Tom , Thanks . I shall try to pick up the paper tonight . The E-mail caught me in a better place than an air conditioned place . I am in Australia and it's winter here . Vince
Shirley , Yes . It's really nice . Vince
Rob , Let me think about a good topic . You may also contact Steve Kean and ask the same question . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Barbara , Yes , that would be fine . Vince
Dale , Thanks for your message . I was traveling last week and things were put on the back burner . You should see a letter to John Sherriff Wed morning ( my time) . Vince
Grant FYI Vince
Mark , One option is to talk to a number of physicists in my group who might be interested . Vince Enron Investment Partners
Ted , Bjorn , Any info about this position ? Vince
Sean , Thanks . I appreciate it . Try David Port or Bjorn Hagelman . Vince
Ted , We have the first running version of VaR model for the MG positions . Many thanks to Tanya and Anjam for taking lead in this effort . We had also great help from Cantekin and Kirstee . We want to validate some inputs before releasing the number . Specifically , I want to make sure that both London and Houston work with the same position numbers every day to avoid confusion . A few comments . 1 . We plan to set up the models to run VaR concurrently in Houston ( Cantekin ) and London ( Kirstee ) with the same inputs . The reason to do it this way is that we may have to respond quickly to multiple inquiries in both locations . ( Cantekin and Kirstee , please stay in touch and synchronize the inputs )  . 2 . It is critical that we run the model daily and receive the updated positions and prices on a regular basis . 3 . We shall continue work in Houston to improve the model . Two critical areas: a . VaR model , by its nature , does not capture one big risk MG has in its portfolios . This is the liquidity risk resulting from different cash consequences of the hedges and the underlying positions . b . We should go through due diligence to validate the process generating the position numbers ( i.e . look into the details of specific transactions) . From what I know , MG has a fairly rudimentary risk management system and I am not quite sure how they generate option prices ( and deltas) . They get some option prices by calling brokers . 4 . I think the current VaR is within 80-85% of the true number ( assuming the inputs are right) . But , as I have said , VaR does not capture all the risks that we have to worry about . Vince
Osman , Yes , but a visa may be a problem . Vince
Can you figure out the reason for cocoa beans VaR fluctuations ? The same is true of aluminum . I assume this is the position change . Vince
I shall be attending the bi-monthly meetings . We always have a significant number of associates rotating through my group and supporting different units of Enron . Vince Kaminski Enron North America Corp .
Phil , I shall be in town through the rest of the week . Plesase , give me a call . Vince Phil Sisneros@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Thanks , I have received the paper . Vince
Shirley , Please , arrange a phone interview . Zimin , Stinson , and myself . He may be a good candidate for Tanya . Vince
FYI Vince
Anita , An updated agenda . We still need Grant's bullet points . Vince
Hi Jana , The trip was very interesting and I am still recovering . On Friday we can meet at the restaurant . It's on the edge of the Woodlands . We can then go to our home and have drinks and chat . The restaurant is: Amerigo's Grill 25250 Grogans Park Dr Phone: 281-362-0808 I have sent you an URL of the map of the part of the Woodlands where Amerigo's is located . It's a red dot on the map . What about 7:00 p.m. ? Look forward to meeting you . Vince
Hi Jana , The dress is casual . In this restaurant we can sit outside ( quite casual ) or inside ( more formal dress , but still casual) . I shall also send you the directions to my home , just in case . Vince
John , I am writing to you regarding the management of the London Research group . As you know , Dale Surbey , who was managing the London unit of the Research Group , is moving to EBS . Dale did a terrific job helping me to develop the pool of talent we have currently in London . Given that Dale is likely to be transfered to Houston , it's time to nominate one member of the Research Group for a management position . My recommendation is Steve Leppard . Steve emerged not only as the most technically qualified member of the group but also as a natural leader , highly respected by his peers and internal customers . Steve has a very high energy level and is very efficient as a manager and as coach of new talent . His promotion is likely to cause Anjam's departure form Enron . I value technical skills of Anjam , but in spite of my loyalty to him , don't think he is the same caliber as Steve . However , I would not like to lose him and think about moving him to Houston for 2 years . I think that the opportunity to work in Houston , would be a sufficient incentive to keep him in Enron . By the way , his performance feedback has greatly improved . Please , let me know what you think . Vince
We can offer him a job . The problem is , he has about 2 more years to go . Vince
Anita , My version . Minor changes . Vince
Amy , My bio . Vince
Mike , Please , draft a message to JS , DD and JL outlining the AGA benefits and costs . This will be their decision . Vince
Mark , Steve's comment has many merits . I think Stinson Gibner and Grant Masson ( physics Ph.D.'s ) can help to identify academic and industry sources to validate some of the claims . On the other hand , even if our guests were wrong by a factor of 2 or 3 in their time estimates , the technology they develop will bring about a technological revolution with enormous potential payoffs . It make sense to stay close to them and to explore potential investment opportunities . Vince
We would like you to meet tomorrow morning , starting at 9:00 , with a few members of the group . Around 11:15 we shall go to lunch ( myself , Stinson Gibner and Zimin At 1:00 we would like you to make a presentation to the Research Group on the topic of your choice . After 2:30 we shall continue with individual meetings . We shall give you an agenda with the names and times when you arrive . You can come to the lobby of the Enron building ( 1400 Smith ) between 8:30 and 9:00 and call me ( 3-3848 ) or my assistant , Shirley Crenshaw ( 3-5290) , to be admitted to the building . We are on the 19th floor . Look forward to meeting you . Vince Kaminski
Richard , Please , let me know what the timetable is . I would like to talk to Anjam a few days before to break the news to him . I hope I can save him for the company and offer him a position in Houston . We desperately need skills he has . Vince
Kevin , No prolem . Vince
Clayton , Thanks . Vince Shirley , Please , request Exceed for all the members of the group . Vince
Louise , Thanks . Vince
Jim , Thanks . I shall drop him an E-mail . Vince
Allan , I am sending you my coordinates . I expect to be in London around September the 20th . Vince Kaminski
FYI Vince
Rick , Thanks for your message . I am familiar with the Computational Finance program and value its high quality . Please , call me next week . The best time is between 7:00 and 8:30 a.m . CST . Vince
Kevin , Vasant and I talked to Clayton about his request for transfer . Clayton received a conditional approval contingent upon completion of the current project he works on . Vasant will formulate exact definition of the deliverables and we will hold Clayton to it . If he fails to deliver the request for transfer will be rejected . Anything else would be highly demoralizing to everybody . Clayton has so far produced exactly zero ( no single output was delivered ) though he was advertising the projects inside and outside the group as completed . I want you to be aware of it , because I have serious doubts regarding Clayton's integrity . Vince
John , I saw it . Very interesting . Vince
Tom , Can you send the info regarding SDDP to John ? Vince
Tom , Thanks . If you have an extra copy , please send me one . Vince
John , For your information . Vince
Kevin , FYI Vince
Sam , I asked Stinson to review it . U should have it in 15 minutes . Please , shoot me the column . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Looks good . Vince Enron North America Corp . AM
Hi Jana , That looks good . I am ready to take one class soon . I shall check with Ludmila . Vince
Sam , This is the file for TC . Please keep in mind it's the third article in a series . Vince Enron North America Corp . AM
Sam , One more minor change . This is the last version . Vince Enron North America Corp . AM
FYI Vince
Shirley , Please , send it to the entire group . Vince This is another reminder about the responsibility we have as a group for cleaning the conference rooms after meetings . For many visitors to Enron a conference room maybe the first and the last exposure to the company . Last Thursday , some members of the group left , leaving behind their lunch boxes on the table . Please , don't embarrass me by having to point out to you that your mothers don't work here . Vince
Quentin , Thanks for your message . We are always looking for new employees with the right skills . Please , send me your resume and I shall determine what is the best way to arrange an interview . We can interview you in Sydney and then bring you to Houston for another round of interviews . Vince
Jeff , The meeting is scheduled for Wednesday afternoon . Vince
Sheila , Done . Please , note . There are some bugs in the system . B . Glisan is listed as my supervisor . Vince
Anita , OK . Vince Anita , The curent list you gave me below is fine . Vince
Shirley , Please , make sure Jeff Shankman is notified . Vince
Grant , Who can look into it ? Vince
Beth , I have a favor to ask . Do we have copies of Harvard Business School case studies about Enron ? We use these case studies during Super Saturdays . I need a few copies . This is for Prof . John Martin . Vince
John , My new E-mail address is vkamins@enron.com . I am compiling the information for you . I should be able to send it in a few days . Vince
Beth , Thanks for the quick reply . I cannot access the body of the message . Vince
Shirley , Do you remember about Exceed ? Vince
Sean , I think we should invite Bruce for additional interviews . I think that he does not have the skills required in my unit , but he could contribute in other areas . Here is the list of potential interviewees: John Echols Ted Murphy Mark Ruane Vince
Carl , Thanks for the message . Vince
Beth , Thanks . Dhabol is one . There should be 2 more case studies we used . One about old EGS , the 2nd about TVA options . 2-3 copies will be sufficient . Vince
Sam , We already subscribe to some titles here . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Shirley , We have not accepted him yet . I shall speak with him alone . Vince
Thanks . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
Dale I shall try to close the loop today or tomorrow . I have already mentioned this to Anjam . Vince
Beth , Yes . I would appreciate it . Vince
Elena , Thanks . Vince
Jeff , I am sending you a recommendation regarding our cooperation with the Wharton School , following my visit with Tom Piazze in May . Tom is a Corporate Relations Officer at Wharton . Recommendation . I am writing to you to recommend joining The Wharton Partnership . The Partnership is an umbrella program established to coordinate Wharton School initiatives for industry-academic cooperation . Currently , the partnership supports alliances with approximately 200 companies worldwide . The recommended annual contribution by Enron is between $100K-150K , that puts us in the top bracket of contributing companies , such as GE , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Intel , and many others . The contribution is executed through grants to different research projects that would directly benefit Enron . The choice of the projects is at our discretion and can be changed over time depending on the business needs . Benefits to Enron . Enron can benefit from the Partnership by: - gaining advance access to current academic research - significantly increasing our presence and visibility on the campus , enhancing our recruiting efforts - taking our message directly to influential academics who have significant influence on public opinion - gaining access to high quality executive education programs Specific Programs . The Partnership functions through involvement in different research projects . I have identified a few projects that will maximize the benefit to Enron . 1 . WeBI ( Wharton e-Business Initiative) . This programs provides an umbrella for different initiatives in the area of curriculum development , research and corporate engagement related to e-commerce . Main benefits: access to e-commerce research and enhanced recruitment opportunities . 2 . Emerging Technologies Management Research Program . Interdisciplinary program addressing issues facing companies in new markets: managing intellectual property , participating in emerging technologies , selecting the optimal organizational structures . Benefits to Enron: access to financial technology in the area of valuation of intangible assets and new forms of business organizations . 3 . Risk Management and Decision Process Center . Development of techniques for assessment and management of non-traditional risks ( risks outside the scope of traditional insurance contracts and capital markets instruments) . Benefits to Enron: access to new risk management tools , dissemination of information about our capabilities in this area . Potential users of the program at Enron . My group could coordinate the cooperation with the Risk Management and Decision Process Center . Greg Whalley is a potential customer for WeBI . Several different units of Enron can be involved with Emerging Technologies Management Research Program . Vince
Scott , I shall attend . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Julie , The introduction looks fine . I have made some cosmetic changes ( typos and split infinitives that slipped by) . You can safely ignore most othem . English is not even my second language . The corrections are in pink . Vince
Thanks for your message . A call sometimes between 7:00 and 8:00 is fine . I come to the office around 7:00 traffic permitting . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
No problem . Vince
Steve , I shall call you tomorrow about it . My preference is to move Anjam to Houston for some time . Anjam knows a lot about our business and specific positions and it's better to prevent a potential leak . I have discussed this issue with Dale and Richard and they concurred . I don't expect Anjam to act irrationally but it's better to be safe than sorry . Vince
Tony , Aug 26th
I am sending you an updated version of the MG VaR memo , following the discussion Grant and I had with Bjorn Thursday evening . Please , let me know if you think more changes are required . Vince
Wendy , I did not . I shall send somebody to your location to pick it up . Vince
Julie , No problem . It's your call but Chris should also be mentioned as number one . Vince
Peter , Please , call me on Monday and we shall set u a conference call . Vince
Mike , Very interesting . Vince
Hi David , It was nice meeting you and Jana again . I hope you will have terrific vacation . It's likely to be very hot , wherever you go . Vince
Hi Kirstee , Thanks again for all your work on MG . One think to double check is units . Please , make sure that the prices are quoted in the same units our positions come in . One potential source of confusion arises from the fact that we are dealing with different cultures ( metric system vs . English measures) . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
I am forwarding to you a paper by some UT professors . They approached us about the possibility of licensing this technology to us . Under the nondisclosure agreement , we have to give them an answer in 90 days and tell them why we don't want to use it ( if we decline the offer) . Please , don't circulate the paper to other members of the group without letting them know that it's confidential and should not leave Enron . In any case , please , let me know who else saw the paper . We should make sure that the circulation is limited so that it does not leak out . Vince
FYI Vince
Barbara , Yes , I would like to renew the subscription . Thanks for the reminder . Vince
Sheila , No , we have to go through the posting phase first . I shall ask Shirley to provide the job description . Vince
Lee Choo
Sam , We shall Datren's paper . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Amy , I think that Rick Causey wants simply to obtain more information to make a reasonable decision . We should cancel the meeting for the time being and let Rick obtain clarification of some issues from AA . I would agree that AA came up with a rather vague concept of what they want to accomplish . Vince
Sam , Looks good . Vince Enron North America Corp . AM
Shirley , Please , put it on my schedule . Vince
Karl , Thanks a lot . I have passed this information to Grant Masson who worked here on a related problem . He will get in touch with you regarding this technology . Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
Joe , I have written to Pal Quilkey to invite Christian Werner to Houston for a week to discuss how much of his research we can use . Vince
Good enough . The last edition includes the discussion of price processes . Vince
FYI Vince
Karla , August is a vacation month in France . I would not count on a response any time soon . Vince
Raymond , Yes , Simon Hurst . Vince
Shirley , Please , fax the resume to Raymond . Vince
Ashley , The web site address of the prof at Berkeley I contacted . Vince
John , It's very interesting . Thanks . Vince
Greg , Blake Johnson sent me this proposal ( I think some of his friends are the founders of this group) . It looks like a good project for Brad Romine to evaluate it . Vince
Blake , I forwarded the Azure presentation to Greg Whalley recommending that he takes a look at it . Vince
Aram Sogomonian
I think you buy a SAS Manual , not a Manuel . Vince Kmainski Enron IT Purchasing Please respond to Enron IT Purchasing
Grant , I agree . We shall give him an offer of a job in Houston ( on the terms we discussed with ) plus an option to stay in London , if he does not like Houston . His choice . I think we extended a very generous offer to him and he may have an excessive perception of his contribution to Enron . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Thanks . Confirmed for Wednesday , next week , 7:00 a.m . Vince
Craig , Thanks for the feedback . Elena is doing really great and I think that she will be a great Enron's asset . Vince
I shall interview this candidate next week ( a very preliminary interview ) to evaluate his potential and determine if he fits Enron's culture . Do you see a need for a person with his skills in your area ( litigation support) ? Vince
FYI Bug in Adobe software . Vince Kaminski
Darrell , Grant Masson , Ronnie Chahal and myself made a contribution to the book on energy derivatives to be published soon in Australia ( a book by Clewlow and Strickland) . Given our growing workload and responsibilities , the quality of the paper is less than satisfactory . I would like to make sure that there are no obvious and embarrassing errors in what we submit . I would appreciate if you could take a quick look at the chapter and give us the feedback ( under the same arrangement as in the previous cases) . Thanks for looking at our storage model . I shall give you a call within the next few days to update you on our work and developments at Enron . Vince will start his senior year in 6 weeks . He wants to graduate and look for work: he thinks getting an advanced degree in his field makes no economic sense . He spent the summer building his own computer ( 1000 MHz clock speed) . I was the unskilled immigrant worker toiling under his management . I hope everything is well at home and that your wife's company is doing great . Regards . Vince
Krishna , We have to talk to Shirley and she will take care of it . Let's catch her ASAP . Vince
Shirley , Please , reschedule . Vince
I have another meeting . Please , talk to Grant . I shall catch him in the morning to review where we stand . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
Darrell , Grant just alerted me that I sent you only part of the text . Here is the full chapter with an aged version of Gran't part . What I sent you represents an update of his contribution . Sorry for that . Vince
We shall talk to the accounting group about the correction . Vince
Shirley , Please , put it on my schedule . Vince
Scott , Please stop by when you visit Houston . Give me a few days' warning to set up a meeting . Vince
Chris , My evaluation form for Jeff . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Quentin , I forwarded your resume to our Sydney office with a request to invite you for an introductory interview . I would also like to arrange a phone interview with you sometimes next week . My assistant will call you regarding the timing . Vince
Mike , Any comments ? Vince
Quentin , I have just received another message from Sydney . Phil Taylor from our office is Sydney is coordinating your interview . Thanks for the copy of your paper . Vince
I haven't received yet the final Performance Evaluation Results . The usual practice is to defer the reviews till the final summary rankings are available . Please , let me know when I can expect it form the HR . Thanks . Vince Kaminski
I have contacted Allison Bailey to ask her to move her visit to the campus to coincide with my presentation . I hope to hear from her soon . Vince Kaminski P.S . Nice WEB site
Sam , Do we have a new person to cover ? Vince Enron North America Corp .
Mike , Bad news . It may be necessary to go to Sydney . Vince
Anita , I need 15 minutes to explore if she fits the group . Please , schedule a meeting on Thursday , Aug 17 . Vince
Sam , Let's go for Giuseppe amd Sean first . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Ashley , Another professor I contacted . His web page is Can we firm up the trip date ? I shall be able to line up some meetings Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , Thanks . Vince
It looks great . It's a very nice design . Vince
Krishna , Niclas introduces himself as an associate in the Research Group . I think we should clarify his status . Vince
John , Naveen's resume . Vince
Darrell , Thanks a lot . I really appreciate it . The text is below our usual standards but we are completely swamped with work here . Vince
Shirley , No info in this msg . Vince
My phone number is 713 853 3848 . Vince Kaminski
I shall be glad to meet with you . Please , give me a call when you get here . Vince
Shirley , No numbers . Vince
Thanks . Vince
Doug , I shall be glad to meet you and help you with the project . My assistant will call you to set up a meeting latter this week . Vince
FYI Vince
CO 1051 Fri 2:22 p.m . departure CO 488 Sun 10:55 p.m . arrival Sun
Andreas , This looks OK . I look forward to receiving a formal confirmation from you . Vince
Marge , The person at Rice to work with is Barbara Ostdiek . Her E-mail address is below ( on one of the messages appended at the bottom) . Vince
Marge , Barbara's coordinates: Barbara Ostdiek Assistant Professor of Finance Jones Graduate School of Management Rice University 6100 Main Street - MS 531 713-285-5384 ( voice ) 713-285-5251 ( fax )
Minor changes I made to Alex's paper . Vince
Giuseppe , It's great . What about Saturday , around 4:00 p.m. ? I shall send you the directions to my house . Vince
Can you send me the electronic version of the documents for Ben Gleason ( cost of capital) ? I would like to play with the numbers and check a few ideas . Vince
Can you coordinate these visits ? Vince
Mark , FYI . What about going to Wharton in October to attend the E-commerce conference ? Vince
Kim , I am sending you the presentations by Krishna and Y . Feng . These presentations may be further modified by both Krishna and Youyi before Wednesday . Vince
Shirley , Thanks . Vince
Elena , Can you , please , help with these prices ? Very urgent . Vince
John , Thanks . I have reserved March the 2nd for the meeting . Vince
Shelly , I shall not accept anybody for a rotation without a prior interview . Li was scheduled to meet with me last Thursday but she never showed up . She did not call to cancel or to apologize for not showing up . I have not seen her resume . Please , assume she is not rotating into my group till further notice . Vince
FYI Vince
John , Please , take a look at this resume . One complicating factor: this person is under freeze ( EI employee) . Vince
Anita , No problem . Vince
Jeff , No problem . We shall invite her for an interview . A/A programs has real problems with logistics . Vince
Phil , Wednesday would work for me . Vince Phil Sisneros@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Mark , I fully agree with you regarding general trends . I see great progress in software applications that facilitate the process and make it almost painless to the With you permission , I can show the material you sent me to my son , who studies computer science , and ask him for his view . Vince
Christian , About two years ago I asked Joe Hrgovcic to look tinto EVT applications . As far as I know he is the only person in the group , in addition to me , looking at EVT . Vince
Ted , Take a look . Vince
Jeff , I met with Li Sun last night and I shall take her for the first rotation . She comes across as a very smart and highly motivated person . I am planning to go with Mark Palmer to Wharton in October to finalize the deal . Vince
Shirley , Please , add the date at the right place . Vince
No problem . I shall forward the letter to HR to enter this information into the company's records . I hope you will have good time and come back with fresh dose of energy . Vince
Doug , Propane prices as promised . Vince
A reminder to the Houston crew . The meeting starts at 11:30 . Please , be on time . Vince
Ashley . FYI . What about Oct 16 ? Vince
John , I haven't received the invitation yet to the Sep 13th meeting . I shall contact you Thursday regarding the CMU presentation . Vince
Thanks for your message . Everybody who interviewed you was greatly impressed with your technical skills and professional attitude . We shall extend an offer to you within a day or two . Vince
John , Easter may not work for me because I shall most likely be visiting my son who goes to school in California ( we were spending Easter together for the last three years) . Vince
FYI Vince
Norma , I cannot open the Excel file . It's encrypted . Vince
Michael , Thanks for the information . We shall have the results for you by tomorrow morning . Vince
Shmuel , Thanks for the message . I am working with our recruiter , Ashley Baxter , to finalize the date of the trip . I shall shoot for October the 23rd if this date works for the rest of our team . Vince
Shirley , Please , register me for this conference . Vince
Ashley , FYI Vince Rodrigo , We shall be very glad to meet you . If you can dedicate one day to meeting the members of the Research Group I could arrange a series of meetings with different units . What about Sep the 11th or Sep the 12th ( Monday or Tuesday) ? If you are free one evening we can have dinner together . Vince
Rodrigo , I think it is Churrasco's , A South American restaurant . I shall make reservations for the 12th . I shall also arrange the meetings on Tuesday with different units of the Research group . Vince
Most of these tests have been already coded . The code and the associated spreadsheets may have been lost inn the sands of time . Please , check with Vasant: it may save you some time . Vince
Shan , It's nice to hear from you . Congratulations on the new job . FT is my favorite publication I never miss ( and I read a number of different FT publications , including FT Energy collection) . You can contact Harry Arora ( X 6750 ) here in London who works on finance related E-commerce projects . He may give you some useful comments . I shall be myself very interested in the first issue of your new publication . Regards Vince
Grant , Did you respond to this one ? Vince
John , Sorry to see you go . Let's stay in touch . Vince Enron Technology
Steve , Thanks . Vince
Shirley , I have confirmed . Vince
Thursday would be great . I shall make reservations . Vince
Paul , Thanks for your message . I am in process of finalizing my plans for the trip to London in the end of September . I delayed responding to you message till I had more specific information . Unless there a major change in my schedule , I shall arrive in London on Monday morning ( September 18 ) and leave on Thursday in the evening . Please , let me know what would be convenient time to meet . You can send me an E-mail message and my secretary will contact to confirm the date and place of the meeting . My assistant's name is Shirley Crenshaw and her phone I look forward to meeting you , Tom and Julian . Vince Kaminski
Outline for Stinson .
Eric , should not count . M . Chahal was transferred to the New Company , the rest are summer interns ( gone back to school) , or part-time high school or college kids . I shall walk around and remind the rest of the crowd about the deadline . Vince
FYI Vince
Congratulations . Vince
FYI Vince
Can you read the attached ? Vince
Ashley , Thanks . Please , always cc my assistant Shirley Crenshaw She does not read my mail . Vince Enron Technology
Pierre , I am working with Kristin Gandy on my trip . Hopefully , she will be able to confirm the November date in a day or two . Kristin is taking care of all the arrangements . Vince
Shirley , Most recent org chart . As you can see Li Sun is reporting to Kevin Kindall . Vince
Kristin , What about the visit to the campus on Nov . 3 ? Any resolution ? Vince
FYI Vince
What about September 8 , Friday ? Vince
Lisa Marcelli Bank One Securities
Kim , FYI . I checked on the progress of the accounting adjustment and was told it would happen this month . Vince
Does 11:30 Enron Building work for you ? Vince
Chris , My part has not changed for some time ( since early July) . I sent the last vintage of corrections to you when I was in Sydney . You can send the version you consider final to us just to double check . I took the liberty of sending our chapter to Darrell Duffie and he liked it . What is more important he did not find any error . I shell send you my comments on the article for Robin in a day or so . Vince
Send check to Lisa
Becky , I have finished my budget but before I send it out , I would like to run it by you . I made a few assumptions and changes to the template . Can you find 15 minutes today or tomorrow ? I can walk you through the spreadsheet . Vince
Barbara , We are in touch with Ketra and John and we shall work with them when they are here . Vince
Jeff , I don't think this transaction makes sense . We should not keep increasing our exposure in one area , given that we can deploy our capital in a more efficient way elsewhere , without taking illiquid , long-term positions . Vince
Dear Dr . McMullen , A few weeks ago I received a call from your University regarding employment opportunities at Enron . I called back and summarized the needs of my group ( an ideal profile of a candidate): 1 . mathematical finance 3 . understanding of the energy markets I shall appreciate any information about potential candidates . I have also given some other suggestions regarding potential opportunities for graduates with different profiles . Please , feel free to call me . My number is 713 853 3848 . Vince Kaminski
Shmuel , Let's see if we can either rearrange the seminar speakers or change the date of our visit to the campus . Ashley Baxter , our coordinator is very efficient and got a faculty room for a presentation on Monday morning on the 16th . Vince
FYI Vince
Dolores Please , register me for a session on 9/29/2000 at 12:45 . Vince Kaminski
Dale , Thanks for your message . I don't know the labor market in London that well but here the market for quants is very hot . Steve is in my view an exceptionally talented person and I would go an extra mile to retain him long-term for the company . I would adjust the base salary or the kicker upward a bit . o62,000 Basic is what Anjam is receiving currently ( if I remember correctly) . Steve has a much higher value to Enron than Anjam . Vince
Ashley , I agree with you . Two trips are the best solution , unless of course Shmuel rearranges the speaker list and the 16th will work for the presentation as well . Coordinating so many different events is never easy . Thanks for your patience . Vince Enron Technology
Doug , We were trying to get everybody together for today but with no luck . Wednesday next week is the first feasible date . Sorry for that . Vince
John , We are trying to hire Rabi De , whose sign-on bonus proposal was sent to you for approval , for RAC . He will support vale-at-risk applications , the area where we are hopelessly understaffed . Vince
Thanks . Vince
Chris , This is very well written and will serve the reader well . A few comments . 1 . When I think about the taxonomy of the VaR models , I typically use the classification based on 3 categories: a . variance/covariance method b . historical simulation c . Monte Carlo simulation . Delta approach is the way of representing a position in a nonlinear instrument . 2 . I would define Monte Carlo as an approach based on statistical simulation of behavior of all the market prices/rates , etc. , and revaluation of the entire portfolio . The revaluation may be based on an approximation ( using Taylor's expansion ) that may involve delta , delta/gamma , delta/gamma/omega or may be exact ( based on the same model that produces the mark-to-market portfolio valuations) . The main benefit of using the MC simulation in the energy markets is the ability to capture the gapping behavior of the energy markets in a straightforward way . I would emphasize that there are attempts to incorporate jumps in the V/C model ( I shall send you the references from home) . 3 . I would mention that historical simulation may break down in the markets that are evolving quickly ( new instruments for which we have no comparable prices , behavior of prices may change as markets mature or de-mature) . 4 . For bigger portfolios , virtually all methods require some level of aggregation into atomic , elemental instruments to reduce the dimensionality of the problem . This process may be a source of a big error . 5 . The computational burden of MC can be reduced through clever preprocessing of a portfolio that introduces no error . Many swaps with the same underlying can be aggregated into one positions (  they are portfolios of forwards and they are linear instruments) . Please , feel free to use any comment ( or none) . Vince
Steve , Friday , September 8 , 11:30 is fine with me . I can cancel the other meeting Vince
Sophie , I think it's a fair deal . Vince
Norma , Thanks for your message . Approved . Vince
Shirley , They are from the UK , Arthur Andersen . I could meet with them on Monday . Vince
Shirley , I already have lunch with Steve . Please , decline . Vince
Jeff , Christ , Mark and myself are planning to visit Tom Piazze in October . I talked to Christy about Wharton and she will be calling Tom to set it up . Vince
Mike , A nice picture of Elaina you can use as a wallpaper . Vince
Eric , I think we can skip the meeting and discuss any issues between us . The meeting was convened at the request of Doug Arnell , but Jeff Shankman thinks that there is no need for formal meetings: we can ask them for the information directly on as needed basis . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Sophie , Thanks . I shall discuss this with Steve as soon as we have the nomination form signed . I can do it while he is stioll here at Houston . Vince
Eric , We are looking at the model . I shall get back to you next week . Enron North America Corp .
John , This is the list of the business teams within ENA I received Tuesday from accounting . As you can see it is hopelessly behind our org chart . I shall bring it up with accounting . Vince
FYI Vince
Sheridan Titman Department of Finance College of Business Administration University of Texas Austin , Texas 78712-1179
FYI Vince
I have tons of papers on OAS . They are buried in many boxes in my garage . Let my try to excavate some of them . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Please , coordinate with Kevin and Anita . Vince
Shirley , Please , send him my bio . Vince
FYI Vince
Mike , Please , sign and return to me . Vince
Bob , Can you , please take a look at this problem . I shall call you on Monday about it . Vince
Alison , I recommended inviting Duane Seppi and Steven Shreve . I would also invite Brian Routledge . I don't know him but heard many good things about him . Kevin Kindall may have other recommendations . Vince Enron North America Corp .
FYI Vince
Aram Sogomonian
Giuseppe , That would be great . Please , do . Vince
John , I have another meeting at 9:30 ( hopefully a very short one) . I shall join your meeting in progress . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Andreas: Here it is: Vince
FYI Vince
Jim , This is my write-up on enetrprise Wide Risk Management . Vince
Shmuel , Sorry for not getting back to you earlier . If the 23rd of October is still open , I can make the presentation on this day . Vince
Maureen , The article for Technical Corner requires some editorial work . Please , make sure you make the changes ASAP . My comments are in magenta . You will see them when you open the attachment . Vince
I think it should be Kevin Kindall . Vince
FYI Vince
I had to cancel my trip to London . Steve Leppard will take care of my presentations . Vince
Steve , I am a lead recruiter at the University of California at Berkeley for Enron Analyst/Associate program . I contacted several friends who work at Berkeley and received an invitation from one of them to make a presentation at the weekly Faculty Seminar of the Dept . of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research . The students and faculty members from the business school will be also invited . Berkeley in general , and Department of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research in particular , are important centers of academic research on electricity markets ( S . Oren works very closely with Severin Borenstein) . My presentation will focus on the Analyst/Associate program . I shall also have an opportunity to discuss the power markets in California ( I expect many questions ) before many experts who are very important to shaping public opinion and regulatory agenda . Please , let me know who in you group could help me in preparing this presentation and in presenting Enron's point of view in a more effective way . Vince FYI . The name of my friend who invited me: Shmuel S . Oren , Professor Dept . of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research University of California Berkeley , CA 94720-1777
Paul , I shall be in London in the beginning of October . I shall notify you about the timing of my trip later this week . Vince
Charlene , I coordinate my schedule with Ashley Baxter from your organization , who is responsible for recruiting at Berkeley . I have talked to her about this presentation a few times . As you can see , she is on the distribution list . The presentation is scheduled for the 23rd of October . We have tried to combine the presentation with another recruiting trip , but we have to many conflicting schedules . Vince
John , I shall be traveling Thu and Fri this week and Mon and Tue next week . Please , give me a call Tuesday morning and I shall carve out an hour from my schedule to discuss the paper . Stinson will be gone for three weeks so we have to do the work without him . Alternatively , we can delay the conversation till next week . Vince
I shall call you tomorrow to discuss the details . Vince
Jana , I shall be glad to join you . Vince
Toni , We shall be meeting Rabi for lunch to discuss the offer and the details of his job with him . Let's wait for the outcome of this discussion . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Martin , Let's try bet 1 and 2:30 . Vince
Can you call Cantekin to discuss the details ? Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley Another trip to schedule at some point . Vince
Martin , What about 8:00 a.m . tomorrow ( Wed ) morning . Vince
Shirley , We want to take Kirstee to dinner on Wed next week to Brennan's at 6:00 . 4 persons , reservation in my name , TT , GM , VK , KH . Vince
Scot Josey will call you Thu with a request for help . Vince
UPS Tracking numbers
Please , grant access as requested . Vince Kaminski
UPS
Jana , So far , the trips were great . More to come . Vince
Andreas , I shall be glad to serve as the Chairman . I am currently located in Enron N.A . It stands for Enron North America . In Enron the orgchart changes every 3 months . Vince
Steve , Vince
Steve , Steve , this is the spreadsheet . Also , please , let Shirley know if the dinner on Sun is OK . Vince
Jim , Thanks . I shall call him . Vince
Steve , I shall talk to John Sherriff about such issues . My intention is to vest you with maximum decision making powers . It makes most sense to me to make decisions where the information resides . Please , invite Anjam or alternatively make reservations for dinner and let Shirley know . Shirley can send an invitation to everybody in the group on my behalf . It would be really bad to exclude Anjam from the dinner . It Vince
Steve , OK . Please , send Shirley the distribution list ( names , E-mail addresses , etc.) . Vince
I shall send a message to Jeff's secretary today . Vince
Becky , I am sending you two spreadsheets . Headcount gives the allocations by major business units . Please , see the sheet Allocations . Line 83 gives you the percentages you can use . Budget spreadsheet gives the budget projections . The sheet Allocations has been modified to include charges to RAC and GRM . I had to modify extensively the sheet Detail to account for the size of the group ( as compared with 25 rows available to list the employees in the original spreadsheet) . Please , check the logic of my modifications ( I hope I copied all the formulas correctly) . I had to assume a bonus number . I shall work on allocations by different business units within ENA and GRM but it's chasing a moving target . It changes from month to month . I shall be gone for the next 4 business days . Please , call me and leave a message on my voice mail if there is any question . I shall be listening to my voice messages . Sorry if there are any problems . I have to rush to catch my plane . Vince P.S . Thanks for all the help . I owe you lunch .
Sherri , Thanks . Yes , It's February the 22nd . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Shirley , Please , confirm and put on my calendar . Vince
Shirley , I shall call with my phone number for Thu through Sun morning . Sunday evening to Monday evening I can be reached at Vince
Roman , I shall type in English ( faster) . I was trying to locate you for some time after you left SCEM . I shall be glad to meet for dinner/coffee and chat . Please , send me your phone number . I have just come back from Poland and go through my mail . I shall try to reach you later this week . Vince
Thanks for the messages . I have come back from Europe last night and I am in process of going through my mail . Friday this week would be a good day to meet . I am going back to Europe on Sunday and shall be gone for a week . Vince
John , What about Thursday , 10:30 a.m. ? I have just come back from Europe last night and I am trying to organize my schedule for the next few days . My phone number is 713 853 3848 . Vince
Andrew , I shall be glad to meet and discuss the project . It sounds intriguing . Vince
Anita , The first presentation . Vince
This is another file ( spread options) . I have eliminated some very technical , detailed pages about NYMEX spreads . This information is obsolete . Vince
Roman Kosecki
Roman , I shall be traveling next week ( Europe again) , Mon thru Fri . It's Power 2000 conference in Paris . I have many trips to different places later during October ( Berkeley , Philadelphia , etc.) . These are shorter , 1-2 day trips . Please , let me know when you come to Houston . I shall keep you posted about my itinerary as it becomes more certain . Vince
FYI
Test Vince Kaminski
David , No problem . We shall send the required fire power . The person who will attend is Amitava Dhar . Vince P.S . Amitava , Please , take note .
Andrew , I have an interview at 8:30 . A meeting at 8:00 on Friday would work for me . I can delay he interview if we need more time . Vince
Charlie , Vince Enron North America Corp .
Andrew , Vince
Chris , The first file might have gone to a wrong Chris Long . Vince
Laura DeShazer OIL & GAS JOURNAL ONLINE; 800.874.1510 phone 918.831.9120 fax
Hello , There was no message attached . Vince Kaminski
I would be interested in attending and giving a presentation . This would be also a good opportunity for both of us to meet and discuss the plans for closer cooperation . Vince
Steve , Thanks a lot . Vince
Molly , I met Lou in the building lobby last Wednesday and he suggested that he ( or his representatives ) join the Mathworks presentation to my group) . It's a good software package for mathematical modeling , but there is a limit to the number of different installations any group can productively use . I shall take a look at some new features they offer and decide whether it's worth the effort . Vince Kaminski
Nick , I shall be in Stanford Oct 14 - 15 , visiting my family . I would be glad to meet you ( and possibly Giuseppe - your call ) for lunch . Please , let mer know if you are free on one of these days . Saturday would work better for me . Vince
US Post Office Phone: 281-298-9290
Post Office Locator
Molly , We have a reasonably big room . 2-5 people is OK . It's EB1938 . Vince
Simon , I shall bring a floppy to Paris . Vince
Elena , I called her and lefty a msg for her . Vince
Sorry for not getting back to you earlier . My schedule was quite crazy over the last few days . I shall be in London on Sunday meeting my group for dinner at 7:30 . Can I call you around Vince P.S . You can send a reply to my AOL address . Vince
Piotr Karasinski 883 Diamond Notch Road Fax :
Nick , Dinner on Sunday would work for me . I shall stay in the Bay area till Monday morning . Vince
Authorization granted . The system is not accepting my ID and password . Vince Kaminski
I understand you are in charge of recruiting at the UofH . I am forwarding to you the resume of one of the students of the University of Houston . She is involved with the international organization called AIESEC and I was most impressed by her organizational skills and professional attitude . I used to work as a volunteer for this organization many years ago and I am still helping their local chapter . As far as I know , she signed up for an interview with Enron . Vince Kaminski
I forwarded your resume to the HR person responsible for recruiting at your University with my recommendation . Vince
Rob , Thanks . We are always glad to help you . Vince
T's Air-Conditioning & Heating Phone: 281-367-4310
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Donna Piazze Program Director Field Application Project The Wharton School Univ . of Pennsylvania
Mark , I shall be glad to serve on the advisory board of MEC . Vince
Ron , The article I promised . Vince
Sam , We should profile Kirstee who is on rotation from London Office . Vince
Please , read .
FYI Vince
We shall get back to you when I return from Europe in a week . Vince
Mike Roberts from my group will help you . Vince Mike , Please , help him . Only publicly available data ( exchanges , etc. ) Vince
Mike , She is Yana's friend . Vince
Mike , Vasant , Elsa would like to meet and discuss the construction of forward curves for her operation . Can you , please , get in touch with her . Vince
Additional changes . Abstract: The power market developments in the US have created several unique challenges for energy industry economists . We discuss the major factors underlying the exceptionally high volatility of electricity prices . We feel that some of them may reflect the flaws in power pools design and incomplete transition to fully deregulated markets in generation and transmission . The title is fine . Vince
Tom , The system does not take my approval of this request . Vince
Paul , Sorry for the late notice . Please , let me know when you are coming to Houston . I shall be again in London sometimes in November . Vince
Shmuel , This is the abstract for my presentation on the 23rd of October . I am in London and Paris this week . I can be reached at my private E-mail address vkaminski@aol.com . Please , feel free to suggest modifications to the abstract . Vince
Sam , I forgot about Maureen's article being available . Please , use your judgement what to publish . It depends on whom you can catch first . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Tatiana , I am in Europe this week . I shall contact you on my return . Vince
Shirley , Please , send him my bio . Vince
Mark , Two points . 1 . You probably know about it already . ABHAY MEHTA , the author of "Power Play" , is on a tour of the United States . Please , take a look at the information about a meeting last Sunday at Stanford University . The web site address is given below . My wife went to the presentation and told me it was quite critical about Enron . About 40 people attended . 2 . I was approached by John Martin , a professor of finance at Baylor , to write jointly an academic paper on Enron for a financial journal . He wanted to work on an article on EBS . I have suggested a different topic: Enron - Case Study of a Company Reinventing Itself . I made a few points to John: a . Enron's evolution did not just happen by accident . It was a result of implementation of a far-reaching strategy developed by the management . b . In the process of its evolution Enron changed its environment . I came up with a term "proactive evolution" , as opposed to "reactive evolution." c . The strategy included many elements , including emphasis on the quality of human resources , changing corporate attitudes to risk taking and employee empowerment . d . There are very few companies that match Enron's experience and The paper could become a standard reading at the MBA courses on corporate strategy and would help greatly our recruiting efforts . Writing the paper would require interviews with Ken , Jeff and a few other key players . Let me know what you thing about it . John is really excited about this paper . Vince
Yes , we are ready . I shall be accompanied by one person from our Analyst/Associate program and I would like to ask you if she can be invited to dinner as well . We plan to come Thursday night and leave on Sat morning to avoid potential flight delay risk . Vince
Toni , I would like to bring two people for an interview One of them sent me a message that is attached below . I am including the info about the 2nd gentleman below . I would like to include myself , Vasant Shnabhogue , Tanya Tamarchenko Stinson Gibner , Zimin Lu , Paulo Issler , Alex Tang on the interview list . It would be great if we could bring them this week on Friday . Tanya will be at a training course next week . This means that if Friday this week is too aggressive , we should shoot for interviews in 2 weeks . Sorry for a short notice . Vince Jermakyan , Martin
Toni , FYI . Vince Friday would be beter . Vince
John D . Martin Carr P . Collins Chair in Finance Finance Department Baylor University PO Box 98004 254-710-4473 ( Office ) 254-710-1092 ( Fax )
I am flying back in the evening and dinner would be difficult . I shall be glad to join you for lunch , Shirley , as I understand gave you my requirements for the AV . My flight arrives at 8:30 a.m . I can meet you at your office in the morning and we can talk about the conference and other issues . Vince
FYI Vince
John , Congratulations on a career move . Yes , we were contacted regarding geophysical data gathering/transmission project . We asked our geophysicists for help and are shooting for a meeting on Thursday to run our ideas by them . Vince
Kevin , No problem , A very good idea . Please , submit expenses to em for signature . Vince
Power 2000 Operational Risk for Kevin
Barbara , Noon will be fine . we shall just use the lunch hour . Vince
John , Per our discussion , Nov 13 is fine . Vince
Martin , It's OK for Walter to use remaining hours . No real cost to Enron , just the benefits . Vince
Maureen , Any interest ? Vince
Mike , Please check with Alison . She sent the form again . I think she lost what you sent her . Vince
Aproved in both cases . Vince Kaminski
Joe , Mike , Please check with PR first if we want too talk to her and run it by Mark . I think it is in our interest to be quotes extensively in the press . Vince
Barbara , I have forwarded your message to the members of my weather/ weather derivatives team . Vince
Norma , This is the resume of Aram Sogomonian I mentioned to you . I would like to bring him over to talk to Kevin Presto , George Hopley Alex Huan , Seville Yaman , Tom Haliburton , myself . Vince
Cindy , I got a copy of the book and another one is on the way from our officer in India . I can lend you the book and you can makes copies of the most important chapters . I don't think we should be buying too many copies and increasing the sales of the book . In general , I think that we should counter the presentations made by Mr . Mehta . The person in charge of our Dhabol operation is a Stanford graduate and maybe he could obtain an invitation to speak at the same forum and present the facts as they are . He should be here for the management conference . Vince
Elena , Please , review the energy related info in this database ( if any ) and talk to me about it . I would like to do some research in this area and ask you to write a summary report . Nothing urgent . Vince
Vicky , Please , send me your resume . I shall forward it to a number of employees of Enron in London with my strongest recommendation . I shall send you the list of names . The resume will make it easier for me to identify good targets . Please , make sure you will contact me if there is no reaction . People here are very busy and , as you know , things fall through the cracks . Vince Vince
I think it's a mistake . It should be February . Vince
Maureen , OK . Vince
Carol , Thanks . Vince
Cindy , I had rather in mind targeting the same audiences to which Mr . Mehta spoke , not a general press release . I agree that a general message to the world would attract attention . Vince
Roman , Drinks after work would be better . I am flying back from Ca on Tue morning . Please , call me at 713 853 3848 or 713 410 5396 ( cell ) in the afternoon . Vince
Fiona , Yes , this is correct . Please , use Vincent rather than Vince . I used my full name on other publications . Vince
Sherri , Any resolution of the scheduling conflict Jeff Skilling had for February the Our friends at UT are ready to make the reservations and send out invitations to this conference Vince
Can you , please , attend ? Vince
Shirley , I have asked Stinson to attend . Vince
Carol , Congratulations . Vince
To DO 1 . Paper fro Kevin K . 2 . Rosemary at ICBI Andy kalotay Brad Horn Johansen
Norma , Maureen Raymond refuses to sign her review . Can you , please , join us tomorrow to discuss it . I have a time slot available at 2:00 but I can reorganize my schedule to accommodate you . Vince
Julie , Sorry for the delay . I was traveling a lot the last few days . I shall send back my comments by Saturday morning my time . Vince
Steve , I am calling Anjam to give him a deadline regarding move to Houston . If he decides to stay in Houston , you should meet with him to convey the concerns regarding his performance . Vince
Roman Thanks . My home number is 281 367 5377 Vince Tanya , Here it is . Escondido Village , 32B Stanford University , CA 94305 Vince
Steve , I have to draft an announcement and send it to John Sheriff . I shall do it this weekend . Vince
Christie , I shall push my departure from Philly till late afternoon Friday to attend the conference . Vince
Steve , Elena Chilkina can give you historical data . Historical fwd curves can be obtained from Paulo or Alex , among others . Of course , our internal forward curves represent a very sensitive information . Vince
Rick , Thanks for your message . I shall talk to Greg Whalley about his participation . Vince
George , Wednesday , 1:00 works for me . Vince
Rosemary - presentation Donna Nelson Neal
Joe , Any interest in speaking ? Vince
Dear Ms . Bothe , I have forwarded my message to one of my associates who specializes in weather derivatives . Vince Kaminski
Sherri , Thanks for trying . I shall recommend to UT that they should invite Greg Whalley or Lou Pai . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Shirley , Please , register me for this conference . Vince
Jeff , FYI . We completed the review of the LNG model . The copy of the review is available if you want to take a look at it . Vince
Thanks a lot . It's a pleasure and a privilege to work with you . Vince
This date works for me . Vince
Shirley , Please,schedule a meeting , 30 minutes with him . Vince
Kate , My assistant , Shirley Crenshaw , will schedule a meeting . Vince
Shirley , Thanks a lot . Vince Thanks for the card . It's a pleasure and privilege to work with you . Vince
Shirley , Please , cancel lunch with Maruti More . Vince
John , I shall see Christie tomorrow and I shall talk to her about the project . Friday , Feb 23 works for me . Vince
Sam , Maureen's article will be OK . Stinson can take a look at the final version on Monday . Vince Enron North America Corp .
No problem . Vince
Shirley , I would like to invite him to an interview next week . We should use his home phone number and/or private E-mail address . Vince
Krishna , I have received two additional requests for help from EES . 1 . Jeremy Blachman called and asked us to increase very significantly the level of our support of EES . It probably makes sense to set up a meeting with Jeremy ASAP and discuss specifics ( you , me , and it probably makes sense to invite Marty as well) . 2 . George Posey called and asked fro help with statistical sampling of Dublin customers . Please , give him a call to set up a meeting . I shall call you tomorrow to discuss both requests . Vince
Molly , We are in process of setting up an interview . Vince Enron North America Corp .
FYI Vince Roman , Sorry . I am leaving for Philadelphia this evening . Leaving office around 5 p.m . Let's get together on another occasion . Vince
Charles , I am coordinating an offer fro you . I shall call you with the details later this week . Vince
Can you go to this meeting ? Vince
FYI Vince
I shall be in the Bay area again for Thanksgiving . I came to SF for one day to do recruiting at Berkeley . I hope you will feel better soon . Vince
Jana , Too bad we live in Texas and our votes for Bush have no impact on the national results . I shall spread the message to other states that are more critical . Vince
FYI Vince
Paul , Thanks a lot . Vince
Molly , It's OK ( even if the answer is ex post) . Vince Enron North America Corp .
The phone number is 650 497 6938 . Vince
Lloyd , Yes , I would be very interested . Vince
Yes , please , go ahead . We shall pay for the trip . Vince
We shall invite you for an interview in Houston . Vince
Ashley , This is one resume I got today . I think that it makes sense to invite him for an interview directly with my group . He does not qualify as an analyst candidate . What do you think ? Vince
Ashley , Another student who responded after my presentation . What do you think ? Should we talk to him ( Research ) directly ? Vince
We shall invite you to an interview in Houston . Vince
Charlene , Please , help . This is a son of a professor at Berkeley who helps me a lot in the recruiting process . His son goes to Cornell . Can we invite him ( the son , not the professor ) to a Super Saturday ? I really want to repay the debt to his father who is very instrumental in my recruiting efforts . Vince
Gwyn , No problem . Please , continue with your current tutor . Vince
Jennifer , I can rearrange some other meetings . Thursday , Oct 26 @ 3:00 works for me . Vince
Jennifer , I am available for 30 minutes on Fri , Oct 30. . A meeting at 8:30 would work better for me . Vince
Alison , I appreciate it . I really need your help on this one . His father is very helpful in my recruiting efforts at Berkeley . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Cindy , This is our preliminary review of the documentation sent by Mr . Patteson . One more person will take a look at it . Vince
Cindy , Yes , I shall co-author this paper and I have planted the idea in John Martin's head . Vince
Alison , Thanks a lot . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Cindy , I am in Wharton on December 6 . Other days prior to Dec 6 are OK . Vince
Charlene , Thanks . Vince
Kevin , I would greatly appreciate if you could help me in this case . Yaron's father helped me a lot to open many doors at Berkeley . Vince
Martin , Can you , please , call Shu and provide him with information about EBS ? Vince
Kevin , Thanks a lot . Vince
Steve , All these provisions make a lot of sense . Anjam showed very poor judgment one more time . He got a very generous offer to move to Houston . I recommend keeping him on the payroll , and at home , as long as possible . Vince
Steve , Yes . I shall try to call you later this morning . I had a schedule from hell the last few days . Vince
Gerry , The best time is morning , 7:30 to 8:30 Central . Vince
Joe , I could not open the document . Vince
Jana , Next Saturday or Sunday would work for me . I shall be in Pittsburgh on Friday but I should be back Saturday morning . Vince
Thanks for the invitation . It works for me . Vince
Gerry , I may have unexpected meeting(s ) in the morning . Please , keep trying and I shall try to call you as well . Vince
Sam , Perfect . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Shirley , Please , send my itinerary to stemarie@icubed.com This is for Carnegie Mellon . Vince
Can we push it a week . I shall be at CMU on Friday . Vince
No problem . We shall look at the curve on Monday . I have organized a small team to examine the curve from different perspectives . Curve validation is normally a RAC prerogative and I shall get them involved on Monday Vince
David , This is the outline of the EWRM project . Vince
John , I am forwarding to you the request by Jens . We gave in the past our forward oil curves ( with approval of Greg Whalley ) to some academics . What is your position on this request ? Vince
Paul , Thanks for your message . Look fwd to your call . Vince
Ted Murphy sees the curve validation issue as the RAC prerogative . I shall contact him and offer our help in the curve review process . Vince
Ted , I agree . Curve review has always been RAC responsibility . Please , let me know if we can assist you in any way . Vince
Julie , This message was returned to me a few times when I sent it from my home address . Vince
John , I can extract the curves from the database . Thanks . Vince
I am a Managing Director , Research . Please , feel free to give my E-mail address . Vince
I was under the impression the presentation will be at 3:30 . 11:30 is fine with me but want to confirm it . Vince
Molly , I would like to invite this student for an interview , sometimes in late December when things slow down . Interviews with all my direct reports and George Hopley . Vince
Scott , Not at all . I left to make a quick call and it required a number of follow-up calls . The presentation was very interesting and professional . One of the guidelines we have in my group is to avoid using too many software packages . Otherwise , everybody will have his own pet package and we shall lose economies of scale . I shall talk to my associates about your product and get back to you . Vince
Mike , We shall call you to schedule a meeting to review the product . Vince
Alex , Can you set up a meeting to review this product . They have an office in Houston . Please , invite people on the distribution list . Vince
Cindy , Hopefully the paper John Martin and I will work will become the standard reference for this topic . Vince
Shirley , I hope it's OK with the apartment company . Vince
Julie , A clarification . We had an agreement with Chris and Les to contribute AUS as a part of the cost . Vince
Who coukd help with curve extraction ? Vince
John , I talked to Dale Nesbitt . He suggested that the best way to evaluate his model is to go through a one week intensive project with assistance of somebody from his company . Our cost is a flat fee of $12,500 that would be deducted from the purchase price of $55,000 , in case we buy the software package . The price of 55K is indicative and will be adjusted based on the required level of support . Dale will be in Houston next week . I have tentatively invited him to visit with us on Tuesday , November 7 , at 3:00 p.m . He will adjust if you are busy at this time . Please , let me know what you think . Vince
It should be in the attached message . Vince
The time of the presentation , 11:30 is fine with me . I shall arrive Thu evening and I shall get to the hotel by cab . Thanks for your kind offer to meet me at the airport but I shall be arriving at late hour and don't want to inconvenience you . Kevin Kindall from Enron will come with me . I shall also need a projector for my M/S Power Point presentation on "Volatility in the US Power Markets" . I shall be very glad to meet with Duane . Vince
FYI Vince
Julie , Yes , this is how we split this expense internally . Please , send it to me . Vince
Kristin , I think that we have done enough for this guy . All we can do is to give somebody a chance . The God helps those who help themselves . Thanks for all your help and your efforts . Vince
Alex , I agree . Let them make up the data . Please , ask Shirley to determine convenient date and time . Vince
Duane , Sorry I will miss you . I have a meeting with Chester already on my schedule . Vince
Kevin , Looks great . Vince
Aziz , Please , contact me before or after the presentation and we can find a time slot to chat later on Friday . Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , John is important but not that important . He will come here . Vince
Margaret , I shall try to invite Hunter Shiveley who is in charge of Gas Market Fundamentals . Vince
FYI Vince Margaret , I shall invite Hunter Shiveley . I think it will cover ENA . Vince
Joel , Congratulations and best luck . Vince
Steve , I would , with pleasure . Vince Kevin , I shall need 50 cards . Thanks for ordering . Vince
Thanks . Kevin Kindall and , possibly , Kristin Gandy from Enron will come with me . Vince
Christie , Let's meet to discuss this project . I need more information from you about it . By the way , I shall meet Bob Westbrook on Wednesday to discuss unrelated issues . Vince
Jana , This weekend would work for me . I shall be in Houston . Vince
Jana , We have already contacted him . Vince
Frank , Yes , I would be very interested in meeting with you in Houston in December . The best day for visit would be Thursday when my group has a lunch meeting and you could meet the rest of the research unit . Please , let me know what day would work for you . We shall be very glad to cover the cost of your trip . Vince I
Louise , Would you consider being a keynote speaker at this conference ( Feb 22 evening) ? The conference will be held in Austin . We have a very good relationship with UT and we are helping them to organize this conference . I shall be glad to provide you more information about the event . Vince
Becky , I gave the %% for EGM to Shirley . I assume she communicated this info to you already . I assume EGM includes F/X - I/R ( Gary Hickerson) , weather , insurance ( Jere oil trading and coal . For CALME I don't have any info . Let's split the cost evenly . Vince
Kevin , I would like to take the class as well . Vince
Frank , Dec 14 would be better for us . We have already scheduled an internal presentation on December 7 . Please , go ahead and make a reservation . The best place to stay is Hyatt Regency Downtown or Doubletree Downtown ( within a walking distance to Enron) . It is important to specify the downtown location for both hotels . Vince
With pleasure . Vince Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
Steve , RAC will be a bit unhappy about it . I think that Bjorn will object to it . Let me talk to you tomorrow over the phone and discuss it . The question is how to present it to RAC in a such a way that Rodrigo will not be put in a bad light . Vince
Steve , I have a book edited by Helyette regarding insurance derivatives . I shall make a few copies of the most important articles for you . Vince
Shirley , Two expense reports you asked me about have been taken care of . Vince
Steve , Thanks for the invitation . I shall be delighted to join you . My wife is in California , so it will be just me . Vince Enron Technology
Kristin , The presentation went quite well . Kevin and I would like to brief you about CMU in general . Let's go out to lunch when you come back . Vince
I shall join you . Vince
Kristin , FYI Vince
Frank , Thanks a lot . Look forward to meeting you again on campus . Vince
Bryan , I am glad we could help . Let me talk to Vasant about Amitava's support for you . Vince
Joe , FYI . Please plan on attending . We should schedule a meeting with mark and the rest of the weather team . Vince
Frank , Thanks a lot . Are you planning to make a general presentation on your work in the weather area ? If this is the case , I would invite to our lunch meeting the traders from the Weather Derivatives desk . Vince
FYI Vince
Kent , Thanks a lot . Look forward to meeting you on campus . Vince
Kevin , Thanks . Vince Please , take a look at it . Vince
Sam , Looks OK . Some minor editorial changes would help . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Kevin , Good thinking . Thanks a lot . Vince
Dale , Your memory did not fail you . We would like , however , to move the meeting to 2 p.m . Tuesday . I left you a voice message about it . Please call me s soon as possible to confirm . Vince
Hunter , The meeting with Dale Nesbitt has been rescheduled to 2:00 p.m . Tuesday , November 7 . Vince
Mark , Please , check the following web-site . We can commisison a study from this guy . Vince
Please , contact Tim Belden in our Portland office . His phone number is: ( 503 ) 464-3820 Vince
Lance , Can you attend this conference ? Vince
No , not yet . Vince
Any insights ? Vince
Vicky worked for Risk Conferences in the past . Who is the best person in London HR to fwd the resume to ? Vince
Lance , Any interest ? Vince
Tom , Can you send me additional copies of the information about the WeBI program ? I want to distribute it internally . Vince
I want to invite Louise Kitchen to this conference . She is the President of EnronOnLine . Greg Whalley will be in London this day . Vince
Shirley , Please , send this memo to the entire group and ask if this demo was given to anybody in our group . Vince
Poetry Analysis/ Discussion Tulips The tulips are too excitable , it is winter here . Look how white everything is , how quiet , how snowed-in . I am learning peacefulness , lying by myself quietly As the light lies on these white walls , this bed , these hands . I am nobody; I have nothing to do with explosions . I have given my name and my day-clothes up to the nurses And my history to the anesthetist and my body to surgeons . They have propped my head between the pillow and the sheet-cuff Like an eye between two white lids that will not shut . Stupid pupil , it has to take everything in . The nurses pass and pass , they are no trouble , They pass the way gulls pass inland in their white caps , Doing things with their hands , one just the same as another , So it is impossible to tell how many there are . My body is a pebble to them , they tend it as water Tends to the pebbles it must run over , smoothing them gently . They bring me numbness in their bright needles , they bring me sleep Now I have lost myself I am sick of baggage My patent leather overnight case like a black pillbox , My husband and child smiling out of the family photo; Their smiles catch onto my skin , little smiling hooks . I have let things slip , a thirty-year~old cargo boat Stubbornly hanging on to my name and address . They have swabbed me clear of my loving associations . Scared and bare on the green plastic-pillowed trolley I watched my teaset , my bureaus of linen , my books Sink out of sight , and the water went over my head . I am a nun now , I have never been so pure . I didn't want any flowers , I only wanted To lie with my hands turned up and be utterly empty . How free it is , you have no idea how free - The peacefulness is so big it dazes you , And it asks nothing , a name tag , a few trinkets . It is what the dead close on , finally; I imagine them Shutting their mouths on it , like a Communion tablet . The tulips are too red in the first place , they hurt me . Even through the gift paper I could hear them breathe Lightly , through their white swaddlings , like an awful baby . Their redness talks to my wound , it corresponds . They are subtle: they seem to float , though they weigh me down Upsetting me with their sudden tongues and their color , A dozen red lead sinkers round my neck . Nobody watched me before , now I am watched . The tulips turn to me , and the window behind me Where once a day the light slowly widens and slowly thins , And I see myself , flat , ridiculous , a cut-paper shadow Between the eye of the sun and the eyes of the tulips , And I have no face , I have wanted to efface myself The vivid tulips eat my oxygen . Before they came the air was calm enough , Coming and going , breath by breath , without any fuss . Then the tulips filled it up like a loud noise . Now the air snags and eddies round them the way a river Snags and eddies round a sunken rust-red engine . They concentrate my attention , that was happy Playing and resting without committing itself . The walls , also , seem to be warming themselves . The tulips should be behind bars like dangerous animals; They are opening like the mouth of some great African cat , And I am aware of my heart: it opens and closes Its bowl of red blooms out of sheer love of me . The water I taste is warm and salt , like the sea , And comes from a country far away as health .
Look forward to meeting you in Houston . What about Wednesday , Vince
Confirmed . Vince
Matt , With pleasure . Vince
Tom , Electronic version is OK . Vince
November 15 is a bad day for me . I shall be in San Antonio for our annual management conference . Practically everybody who counts in Enron will be there . Still no response from Louise . I shall catch her tomorrow in person . Vince
Frank , Great idea . I think it will be an opportunity to brainstorm about the problem . Vince
Please , take a look . Vince
FYI Vince
Kevin , The donuts are a great idea . I think we should add Jeff and John as well ( baskets) . Vince
David , When do you need my signature . I missed the presentation last Tuesday ( I was sick ) and would like a day or two to review the product . Vince
FYI My trip to Wharton ( yes , again) . Vince
Donna , Jeff Shankman will join me for the kickoff . We would like to invite the students and faculty members to dinner , following the presentation . Any recommendations regarding the restaurant ? Vince
Neil , I shall do the review with pleasure . Vince
Kevin , Thanks . Vince
Sorry . I have previous commitments on these days . Vince
I should be . I shall be driving back from Waco and barring any emergency I shall join you . Vince
Sam , Thanks for forward thinking . What about a new asscoiate Kate Lucas or Sharad ? I shall beat on people ( or myself ) to produce Enron North America Corp .
FYI Vince Cathy , Thanks . Please , add my assistant to the distribution is . Her name is Shirley Vince
Sam , We shall go with Sharad for next Monday . Vince Enron North America Corp .
I think I read one of his papers . Mechanical application of one technique to power prices , no useful insights . We can still invite him . Vince
David , Possibly . Vince
Greg , This is the info about the WEBI program at Wharton . Vince
Kevin , Please , call me tomorrow to finalize the list . Vince
Lance , Any interest ? Vince
Steve , I assume it's 9:00 a.m . my time , Monday . It works for me . I haven't responded in time to the your message re Thursday . I had a few back to back meetings in the morning and I read your message quite late into the day . Vince
Lance , Please , ask Shirley to order . Vince
Gentlemen , I recommend that we purchase this package and split the cost 3 ways between 3 power trading desks . I think that we should go for option 3 ( ~ $15,000) . Lance Cunningham in my group looked at this software package and found it very useful for modeling transmission problems . Please , feel free to ask him for technical details in support of this recommendation . Vince
Molly , It would be Tanya . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Eric , I have a number of case studies on Enron but not the one on Sutton Bridge . I know that Peter Tufano was working on it but when I checked the HBS site and tried to purchase it , I could not locate it . When I talked to Peter a few months ago , he told me that the case study was ready and he was going through Enron's internal approvals . I cc Mark Palmer on it . Maybe he knows about this specific case study . I wander if it was completed , given Sutton Bridge developments . Vince
Mark , It was done in collaboration with John Sherriff . Vince
Rick and Ted , It looks more like foxes building chicken houses as opposed to foxes guarding chicken houses . I shall send a message to Bryan saying that the Research has to look under the hood and examine the mechanics of the model in order to sign off on it . A dog and pony show is not sufficient . In any case , the decision to approve the model should not be left to Ben and Kirstee . Please , let me know what your thinking is . Vince
Location 0-413 PIN 003778
Bryan , We shall be glad to take a look at the system . To sign - off on the vendor provided system we have to look under the hood and review the algorithms . I hope the vendor will have no objections to it . Another critical issue we have to solve on a short notice is to integrate the system you want to buy with the rest of VaR/credit systems . We shall stand by to help in this endeavor . An alternative approach is to evaluate to what extent your positions can be rolled into the existing risk systems . Vince
10 Snowbird The Woodlands , TX 77381
Jens , I think I have cc'ed you on this . John Nowlan approved and Stinson Gibner has the curves available for you . Vince
Eric , I have one on EGS , one on Dhabol and a recent one on entrepreneurship in Enron . You can buy the case studies from the HBS web-site . Vince
Mike , FYI Vince
Paulo , Alex , Any interest ? Vince
Krishna , FYI Vince
Lance . Perfect . Vince
Frank , I am definitely interested in the resume . I can meet the candidate on campus when I visit my son . I am planning to come to Palo Alto around Thanksgiving . Also , Energy and Power Risk Management ( an English publication ) organizes every year in Houston a POWER RISK conference ( typically in May) . They ask me for recommendations regarding speakers . Would you be interested in participating ? Vince
Kevin , Lunch with Kristin is scheduled for the 20th of this month ( Monday) . Vince
Tanya , Naveen , Just a thought . Changes in the portfolio values may combine both the changes of prices and positions . This happens if one tracks changes in the value of our historical gas portfolio . A big jump in the volumetric position from day to day , combined with a moderate price movement may produce an observation that looks artificially big . If the volumetric position was frozen , it's just a scaling factor and there should be no discrepancy between your numbers . Of course , the correct approach is to separate the price process from the position changes . Vince
Sam , This is the paper by Sharad . I shall Stinson to do some editing . Vince
Eric , FYI Vince
Rick , I asked Greg Whalley and he declined ( he has a speaking engagement in London a day before) . I have sent an invitation to Louise Kitchen and she has not replied yet . I shall catch her at the management conference in San Antonio and ask for a commitment . It would help if you could mention this to her as well . Vince
Larry , Please , take a look at this candidate . I don't think his profile matches my requirements , but he looks quite interesting . Vince
Shirley , 2 expense checks: Vince
Paul , Can you give me more information about your computer skills ? My group is very hands-on oriented and computer programming is a critical skill . Vince
Gary , Any interest in this candidate ? His profile does not exactly match my requirements . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Shirley , Yes . Vince
Corey , Paula West Trilium Court 107 The Woodlands , TX 77381
Sam , Good thinking . I shall also write an article over the weekend so we shall have one in reserve . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Hello Charlene , I am forwarding you a resume of a student from Berkeley . We would like very much to have him as a summer intern with my group . Please , let me know if your program can accommodate him . Vince
I have forwarded your resume to our Analyst/Associate program with a request to accept you as summer intern . If the summer program is full , my group will hire you directly for the summer . Vince
Paulo , Can you please , help him with this ? Vince
Crawford Garage
Steve , I have finished Kirstee . I shall call you in a few minutes . Vince
Steve , My feedback on Kirstee . Vince
Alex , As promised . Vince
Shirley , No,that's it . Vince
Rick , FYI Vince
FYI Vince
He is looking for blanket approach to our disk , both read and write . Is it legitimate ? Vince
Tanya , No problem . Vince
Kevin , Thanks for arranging this . Happy Thanksgiving to you and your Family . Vince
Patrick , Vince
Renee , I have passed on your resume to 3 people . Vince
Claudio . Who was the professor who came up with the request ? Vince
Nina , We shall contact you for a phone interview . Vince
Shirley , Please , arrange a phone interview next week . TT , SG , ZL , VK . Vince
Scott , I appreciate your input . Thanks . Vince
Christine , We shall arrange a phone interview with you . Vince
Shirley , Please , arrange a phone interview . TT , VK , SG , ZL . Vince
John , Please , contact George Hopley at Enron . ( 713 ) 853-9463 Vince
Shirley , Please , register me for this conference . Vince
I have forwarded this request to a member of my group who supports Enron Broadband Services . He will check into availability of data and confidentiality issues . Vince
Please , look into it . Can we give them this information ? I see a remote possibility of a gain for Enron: it's in our interest to support the growth of this market and part of the process is development of the infrastructure for this market and maintaining public interest . Vince
Becky , Becky , I have called you this morning about it . It makes perfect sense . Vince
Carlos , Please , forward their resumes to us and we shall set up an interview for them . Vince
John , Vince
Paul , We shall invite both of them for an interview . Vince
Larry , Please take a look at the 2nd resume and let mew know what you think (  - Vince
Please , take a look at the 1st resume and let me know what you think ( Shelly Wood) . Vince
Carlos , I need their phone numbers . Vince
Stinson will be in the office on Wednesday . Vince
Shirley , Please , send a copy of the book to Pedro Fernando . Vince
I would like to invite you to join mewhen I visit to the Wharton Risk Management and Decision Processes Center on December 6 . The meeting will take place in the morning , 9:00 - 12:00 , followed by lunch . The description of the Center is at the bottom of the message . The Web site address is The objective of the trip is to discuss joint research projects in the area of risk management and alternative risk transfer . Please , feel free to contact me with recommendations regarding discussion and potential research topics . The best hotel to stay in is The Inn at Penn . THE INN AT PENN Philadelphia , PA . 19104 Phone: 1-800-809-7001 Fax: 215-222-4600 Vince Kaminski The mission of the Wharton Risk Management and Decision Processes Center is to carry out a program of basic and applied research to promote effective policies and programs for low-probability events with potentially catastrophic consequences . The Center is especially concerned with natural and technological hazards and with the integration of industrial risk management policies with insurance . The Center is also concerned with promoting a dialogue among industry , government , interest groups and academics through its research and policy publications and through sponsored workshops , roundtables and forums .
Larry , Thanks . Can you forward the resume to Mike and/or other finance professionals in Enron who could use James ? Vince
Should we do it ? Vince
Iris , Yu can reach me on my cell phone during the coming holidays . Vince
Allan , I shall be glad to meet you . I am planning to attend the Energy Symposium and we can meet on the location . If business keeps me at the office , feel free to contact me at 713 853 3848 and we can schedule a meeting during the day or in the evening . Vince
Patricia , Barbara Pierce did not show up on my list of people asking for a review . Maybe a glitch in the system . Vince
FYI Vince
Norma , I talked to G . Koepke , an associate reporting to Maureen She told me that things have significantly improved in recent weeks . Vince
Norma FYI Vince
Jeff , Her name is Corey . Vince
Theresa , Thanks . I appreciate it . Happy Thanksgiving and please give my regards and best wishes to Howard . Vince
Hi Iris , Thanks for your messages . Please , call me on my cell phone ( 713 ) 410 5396 or at my office ( 713 ) 853 3848 . By the way , the 2nd file you sent is password protected . Vince
FYI Any recollection ? Vince
Paulo , FYI . I shall lok at it at home as well . Vince
Shirley , Please , invite them for a preliminary interview , Stinson , Zimin , Paulo and myself . Vince
Jeff , I am sending you a draft of the outline of the course on energy derivatives . I would appreciate your comments before I finalize it . By the way , did we agree on the time schedule for the class ? Tuesday or Thursday evening would work for me . Vince
Thanks for your message . It would be great to meet you when you come to Houston . I shall be in town on December 7 , flying back from Philly in the morning . Assuming that the flight is on schedule , I shall be available for dinner . Please , let me know how I can contact you on Thursday , December the 7th , to confirm . Look forward to meeting you . Vince
Molly , I would like to invite Iris for an interview . You can contact her at the addresses she listed below or at her E-mail address . The following persons will participate at the interview: Tanya Tamarchenko myself Stinson and I will take her out to lunch . Vince
Shirley , Vince
Molly , Thanks . I has a very good time visiting my son in California . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Molly , I think you called his bluff . If he does not fax a copy of his paycheck stub , we should not talk to him . He never talked to me about it . If he made a true statement about his compensation , he should have no reservations about sending us the confirmation . Vince Enron North America Corp .
John , FYI Vince
Let's meet at Westin Oaks next to the reception around 6:30 p.m . Thursday . There are several nice restaurants within a walking distance to the Galleria . I shall make a reservation ( is Italian or a steakhouse OK?) . You can reach me on Thursday at my cell phone 713 410 5396 . Look forward to meeting you . Vince
Claudio , I have done it twice in the past . I shall be glad to help again . Vince
Frank , I have reviewed materials from GARP but did not find any information about the speaker's perks ( like , for example , the right to invite another person , free of charge) . I shall message GARP with this question . Please , give me a few more days to think about GARP presentation . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Frank , Thanks . I have given your name to the employee Energy and Power Risk Management magazine who organizes Power2001 Conference in Houston ( May of 2001) . Vince
Shirley , Can you , please , arrange a phone interview: Alex , Lance , Vasant and myself . Vince
John , Thanks . Stinson will be able to join us for dinner . He is opting out of the paper due to his big workload but we can get his perspective on the last 8 years he spent at Enron . Vince
It seems we have planned for all contingencies . Look forward to meeting you next week . Vince
FYI Vince
Thanks . Vince
We upgraded her to EXCELLENT . Vince
I can initial it . Please , contact Beth Perlman as an IT officer . I shall explain the reason we are buying the software to her . I want the software to reside in our London office - the software is used primarily by European utilities and we shall use it as a pricing tool in negotiations with European clients . Vince
John , FYI Vince
Alison , My group needs generally people with advanced skills in mathematics and programming . I shall try to help you by forwarding your resume ( with your permission ) to other units of Enron . Please , let me know if it's OK with you . Vince Enron North America Corp .
John , The books have arrived and I shall FedEx them tonight to your university address ( shown at the bottom of your messages) . Still fishing for the paper on network economy . Vince P.S . Shirley , the address is at the bottom .
Donna , Thanks for the restaurant recommendation . I would appreciate if you could coordinate the dinner with the students and the faculty . You can expect 4 persons from Enron but the restaurant should allow for some flexibility , just in case . If the restaurant needs a credit card number or a security deposit , you can refer them to my assistant , Shirley Crenshaw Vince
Stephanie , Thanks for remembering about me . Yes , I want to renew . Vince
Hi Helyette , Congratulations on your papers . The purchase contract is in the last stage of approvals ( it's circulating through different parts of the company where it has to be signed) . I think we should be able to execute the contract in the first few days of December . I shall let you know as soon as our internal process is completed . Vince
Gary , Stinson will contact you in the morning , Thu , regarding the trip . Vince
Norma , I could not open the message . I get the message: Encrypted , not intended for you . Vince
Thanks . See you on Saturday . Vince
Mike , The name of Anjam's replacement is Sharad Agnihotri . Vince
Van , It's nice to hear from you . I am sure that you can always come back to Enron if you don't like living in New York . I used to work for Salomon and chances are you will be working in the same building in lower Manhattan where I spent 7 years of my life . I hope you have a great Holiday Season .
Shirley , Please , register me for this conference . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince P.S . I shall take 3 vacation days 12/27 through 12/29 ( Wed through Fri) . This leaves me with two extra vacation days I would like to take off in December . I shall give you the dates later . I shall roll remaining 5 vacation days into 2001 .
Tod , I have no interest in the JPM product . I like to manage my own investments as a hobby ( expensive as it may be) . Vince
Vince
I think the gamma will flow into V@R . Vince
Philip , Thanks for keeping me in mind . Yes , I would be interested . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Frank , No problem . I hope everything will go OK at the interview . Vince
Pierre Philippe , We have two options . Kevin will be interviewing in mid-December in Pittsburgh and he can talk to you you or we can invite you to Houston . What are you interested in ? A quant position or a trading job ? Our trading desks are looking for people with trading experience . Vince
Another thought . Please , send me your resume , I shall forward it to our head trader . Vince
Erica , Yes , no problem . Vince
Jim , No changes in the schedule . The meeting will take place , as scheduled , on the 6th of December at 9:00 a.m . We may have to cancel lunch with the professors as they have other commitments . The meeting will last about 2 hours . Vince
ISBN: 0124458904 Title: Microscopic Simulation of Financial Markets Author: LEVY/LEVY/SOLOMON Cover: CaseBound Published: June 2000 US Price: $69.95
Start project with Elene for Mark
We talked to him . He is OK , but too expensive ( or we are too cheap) . Vince
Shirley , I have no clue . I shall ignore it . Vince
Erik , I regret to inform you I had to cancel my presentation . I am working on another presentation on the same topic for a different audience , and I shall send you the slides . Vince Kaminski
John , Take a look at this resume . This guy is sold on Enron . Vince
Shirley , Please , inform the rest of the group . Vince
David , Yes , I got some cash for you . Please , give me a call Tuesday . Vince
Ken Enron supports employees' involvement in civic organization and I think you should continue tour involvement with LWF . It's important that we give something back to society . You don't have to take a day off to attend workshops . Vince
User name - 2000208 Password - quality
John , My mailing address is: Vince Kaminski Enron Corp . 1400 Smith Room EB 1962 Thanks for remembering about me . Vince
Anita , My standard sandwich . Tuna , mayo , tomato , swiss , lettuce on whole wheat . Thanks . Vince
Please , remove me from the distribution list .
Megan , Thanks for your interest in the Research Group . Please , call me next week ( Tuesday and later ) and stop by . I would like to talk to you for a few minutes before we shall go ahead with a formal interview . Vince
Shirley , What day is she coming ? Vince
Thanks . We shall contact Chris later this week . I am going to Wharton this afternoon and I shall come back on Thu . Vince
Test
Charlie , Thanks a lot . It was a very quick response . Steve Horn was greatly impressed . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Louise , I am sending you a resume I received today . She graduated from the same university in Poland I attended ( many moons earlier) . She recently got an additional degree in e-commerce . Vince
Andrea , It's fine with me . Few points: 1 . As a courtesy to Maureen Raymond , please , discuss the timing with her . 2 . Yana is not a member of the Analyst/Associate pool . THIS IS NOT A ROTATION . She was hired directly and this means that we transfer her permanently to your unit . Vince
Kevin , Thanks . Vince
Remove
Louise , Thanks . My understanding is that they offer it through video conferences . Vince
Mark , FYI Vince
Aziz , Yes . If you are interested in joining us next summer as an intern , we would be very happy to have you . Please , send me your resume . Vince
Dentist on Jan 25 , 7:45 . Send ED-mail to Ed .
Shirley , Please , renew my membership . Vince
Dentist on Jan 25 , 7:45 . Send E-mail to Ed .
John , It does not sound silly to me . I don't get that many opportunities to sit down with those guys in a relaxed atmosphere and chat . I shall read the notes and get back to you . I have just come back from Philadelphia and have to catch up with a few things . Vince
Jeff , FYI Vince
Clayton , We can offer the seminar / discussion session on Monday , December 18 , at 3:30 . Please , let me know if this would work . Vince
Review for Tue .
Norma , No problem . I shall see you at 8:00 anyway . Shirley comes at 7:00 and leaves at 4:00 . Vince
Christie , Thanks for taking initiative on the trip so quickly . Let's meet with Jeff to discuss the agenda . I shall try to organize a meeting next week after PRCs are over . I agree with your assessment of the group . I was greatly impressed with the caliber of the students . Vince
George , Let's move the meeting to 3:30 on Tuesday , December 19 . Vince
Shirley , Can you reserve the room for Tue , Dec 19 , 3:30 ? Vince
Brad , He is a great kid . I hope his interviews go well tomorrow . Vince
Todd , We have several members of the group who can help you . One of them is Steve Leppard located in London . Vince
Jim , Thanks for coming . I shall arrange o follow up meting , once the PRCs are over . Vince
John , He is currently a student at Carnegie Mellon , one-year computational finance program . I got his resume recruiting in the campus . I would recommend him as a potential hire ( my group or trading) . Vince
Please , remove me from the list .
Please remove me from the list .
Please , remove me from the list . Please , remove me from the list .
Iris , I have received your E-mail and phone message . I shall distribute your papers to the other interviewers . Also , I shall contact you by Thursday regarding a job offer . Vince
Thor , We have modeled this structure a few times in the past . Paulo Issler will call you shortly to talk about it . Vince
Australia Enron Australia Pty Ltd Level 21 9 Castlereagh Street Sydney NSW 2000 phone: 61-2-9229-2300 fax: 61-2-9229-2350 Indonesia
Krishna , No problem . Approved . Vince
David , No problem . Please , let me know when you have it . Vince
Christie , This is regarding the risk management project . I shall set up a separate meeting with Jeff regarding Wharton Tiger Team . I would appreciate if you could call in as well . Vince
Tanya , No problem . Vince
Frank , Looks good . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Jim , Sorry for the delay in responding to your message . I was traveling extensively and was overwhelmed with many different projects . I shall be glad to speak at the Gamma Iota Sigma dinner . Unfortunately , I cannot make a presentation to your class ( it would require leaving the office for two days in a row) . I can , however , promise to come on another day and speak to your students . I hope everything is going well for you . By the way , your former student , Shane Green , has joined us for 12 month and is doing exceptionally well . Vince
Stephanie , Please , discontinue CREDIT and renew the two other publications: Energy & Power Risk Management and The Journal of Computational Finance . Enron North America Corp .
Norma , I fully concur . What can we do about it ? Can we change the job classification retroactively ? Vince
Andreas , Am I entitled to bringing one delegate as a guest , free of charge ? Some conferences offer such privileges . Vince
Shirley , Please , E-mail Christie the phone # for 1938 . She can call in . Vince
Brokers Dean Witter 965 8777
Josie 2:00 p.m . wed
Grant , I shall be in the office for a few hours today ( looks like food poisoning) . I shall try to call you from home . I don't see any major problem . I shall call David Oxley and ask how we could structure the rehire so that you are not hosed this year . Vince
Grant , No problem . Please , give him my E-mail address or the phone number . Vince
Frank , Does this help ? Please , let me know . Vince
FYI Vince
Did we resolve this case ? Vince
FYI Vince
Frank , I assume you want to take advantage of this opportunity . Please , confirm . I shall notify Andreas . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Howard , Thanks for the message and the paper . We shall hold an internal follow-up meeting next Monday to review potential projects on which we could cooperate in the future . Vasant and I will contact you to discuss our recommendations regarding the future research agenda . Vince
Dave , No problem . I shall do it this weekend . Also , I left you a message regarding Grant Masson ( a VP in my group who left and went to work for El Paso 2 months ago) . I made a bet that he would be knocking on our door in a year . I lost . He wants to come back after 2 months . My recommendation is to take him back . He left on good terms and is quite competent . I would also like to send a message to the group that the grass on the other side of the fence may look greener , but in reality it may be painted hay . "The Return of Grant Masson" would demonstrate that Enron offers best long-term growth opportunities ( and that I am good manager) . Grant would come back to his original VP position . Can we short-circuit the hiring procedures for a VP . Grant's body is still warm and we can just him in the original position instead of going through all the loops required to hire a VP . Vince
Vince
Shirley , Please , send a message to Norma to finalize it . Vince
Shirley , The cell phone listed is my private phone , not the office cell number . Vince
FYI Vince
This request has been satisfied . Please , drop it from the system . Vince Kaminski
Kevin , Can you join us ? I may be 5 minutes late , coming from another meeting . Vince
Bjorn , Let's meet 11:30 at the lobby . My cell phone number is 713 410 5396 , just in case . Do you want me to make reservations ? Can you drive ( I took a bus today) ? Vince
Anita , Shirley is out sick today . Can you , please , confirm my lunch with Bjorn Hagelman ( Enron) , 11.30 today ( Friday) . Please , ask him if he wants me to make reservations ? If the answer is Yes , please , make a reservation for 2 at Damian's , 11:45 . Vince
Norma , Thanks for your mesage . 1 . I shall ask Krishna to reduce his rollover to 40 hrs . 2 . Any resolution on bonus for Lance ( October 2nd start) ? Anita Dupont is in the same situation . 3 . Can you send me a copy of exit interview for Grant Masson ? There is a special reason I need and I shall explain it to you in person . 4 . What time next week would be good for lunch ? I would be glad to invite you Molly and Ramona . What about Friday the 22nd ? Vince
David , A follow-up on my voice-mail message regarding Grant . Dave Delainey is on board regarding Grant . We can bring him back at the same level and comp , assuming that resignation was handled in a professional manner . DD asked me to work out the details with you . Can we meet to talk about it on Monday ? Vince
Eva , Thanks . Vince
Shirley , FYI Vince
Frank , We are located at 1400 Smith . Any cab driver can identify the Enron building . When you arrive , please , call me at 3-3848 from the reception to be admitted into the building . Alternative phone numbers: 3-5290 ( my assistant Shirley Crenshaw) . You can also try to call me on my cell phone: 713 898 9960 . The Research Group meeting starts at 11:30 and lasts till 1:00 . Can you make a presentation about your research projects ? What audio/video equipment do you need ? What sandwich would you like to have for lunch ? We shall make a hotel reservation for you Thursday night . Vince
Frank , We shall have about 30 people , highly technical ( Ph.D. , M.S . level) . A presentation of 45 minutes would be optimal , assuming you may arrive We shall get the projector for you . Please , keep all the receipts for refund . Vince
Sheila , This is his cell phone number . Vince
Dave , I would like to recommend to you Sandeep Kohli who is likely to approach you regarding a position in your area . I have been working with Sandeep for a number of years and I was always impressed with his skills , intelligence and mature , thoughtful approach to solving business problems . He is currently located in India ( our DPC unit ) and is looking for a permanent position with Enron in Houston for family reasons ( his wife is from Houston and has a family here) . Of course , there are some other obvious factors affecting his decision . Vince
Jim , Can you meet with us tomorrow ? One of my associates worked on a few projects with DPC and will visit them in January . His name is Pinnnamaneni and he will be gone for 3 weeks , starting Wednesday Please , let Shirley Crenshaw , my assistant ( 3-5290) , know what time would work for you Tuesday . Vince
Molly , This is the list of people we can ask to interview Iris . I would include one ( or possibly more ) people from each group below , depending on availability . 1 . Debbie Brackett or Bill Bradford 2 . Ted Murphy , Bjorn Hagelman or David Port 3 . Mark Tawney or Joe Hrgovcic 4 . Greg Whalley or Louise Kitchen I shall send a message to them explaining that we try to identify the best fit for a good candidate . Vince Enron North America Corp .
I am asking Molly Magee , our HR rep , to set up an interview for Iris Mack with , depending on your availability between Christmas and New Year . Iris was interviewed by a number of my associates for a position with the Research Group and my objective is to introduce her to a number of Enron units that she may eventually support . I shall appreciate your comments . Vince Kaminski
Test message
Shirley , Is this an upgrade for Maureen ? Vince
Can we confirm it ? Vince
Steve , Yes , I read it . I am going to talk about it with Ted Murphy and possibly Rick Buy . As you have correctly pointed out , the model validation issues cannot be handled internally by Research . The problem is that everybody is swamped right now with PRCs and end-of-year issues . I don't think we shall send our full VaR model under any circumstances . We can offer to sell a reduced version based on RiskMetrics . By the way , our meeting Tuesday will start at 11:00 a.m. , Houston time . Vince
The spreadsheet below shows the allocations I made for EBS . The numbers in magenta show percentage allocations , Of course , Samir and Samer are gone , ad so is Roman . The problem is that once I give the percentages to accounting they become fixed for one year .
No , we don't additional need more data . I understand Stinson Gibner has already sent you a reply with his findings . Vince
Sorry , I have to cancel the lunch meeting today . Pleas , give a call sometimes today . Maybe we can meet for drinks Friday afternoon . I am taking the next week off . Vince
David , The CUSIP of the bond I have is 694308EF0 Vince
Molly , It seems that we got only Bill Bradford so far . Given that almost everybody will be out that week , we probably should move the interview to the beginning of January , even if it means higher costs . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Sam , Are you sure you cannot make it just for a few minutes ? Vince Enron North America Corp .
Becky , The charges to Corp . go to RAC and are based on my projections of expected expenses . The charges are based on the following assumptions ( percentages in the parenthesis show amount of time allocated by each person ( group) ) to RAC: 1 . Value-at-Risk Group ( VaR ) MD ( 25% ) VP ( 60% ) Director ( 100% ) 2 . Enterprise wide risk management Manager ( 100% ) Associate ( 100% ) Currently we hired ( or will shortly hire ) 4 managers for the VaR group . The expansion of the VaR group was planned based on the requests from RAC for more support . Vince
Dolores , I am glad you liked it . Merry Christmas . Vince
Kay , I am glad you liked it . Merry Christmas . Vince
Best holiday wishes to you and your family . I owe you an apology for dropping the ball on the conference I have approached a number of executives at Enron . Greg Whalley speaks in London a day before . Louise Kitchen , the mother of EnronOnline will ski ( this is the week of school holidays in England and her family will come here) . One suggestion I want to make is Rick Causey . I talked to him and he is willing to be a speaker . He is a very senior and important executive of Enron and a UT grad . Any thoughts ? Vince
Krishna , It looks like a long shot . It will take a long time to bring this person here . Vince
FYI Vince P.S . Meeting on Wed at 10
Thanks , I shall attend . Vince Kaminski
Jim , Thanks a lot . It is difficult to find a better example example of commitment to Enron and to professional excellence than our weather guys . Vince
Gerry , Let me review my calendar in the beginning of the next year and I shall E-mail you with a suggested date . My assistant will update my schedule for 2001 in the first week of January and I shall be able to select a date for ypur presentaton . Vince Kaminski
Tom , My address: Vince Kaminski 10 Snowbird The Woodlands Merry Christmas to you and your family . Vince
Dave , I am sending you my accomplishments for the last year . I am including also one document ( just browse through it quickly ) to give you a flavor of some projects I have been working on . I shall send you shortly an additional document I would like you to browse through ( the list of projects my group works on in a typical week ) to give you more information about the scope and depth of what we do . It's an internal document and I want to clean it up Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to you and your family . Vince
Mike , The project list I am currently updating . Vince
This list goes to Dave Delainey . Please , make sure everything is current . Vince
Shirley , Please , register me , Lance and Alex for this event . Vince
Mike , Please , schedule an interview with this guy . Vince
Valery , I am interested in receiving the preprint . On another note , I would be glad to meet you for lunch/dinner sometimes during the next few weeks . Please , let me know what would be the best time to meet . Vince
Nick , Thanks for your message . My family is in Houston for the Christmas holidays and this means I am not coming any time soon to Stanford . I shall probably visit the campus for the Parents Weekend . Let's plan to meet for dinner then . I am very glad that you have recruited the 2nd PhD student for the research project . We are discussing internally what would be the best topic(s ) for the project and we should be ready to talk to you in the nearest future about it . It makes a lot of sense for you to visit Enron to finalize the selection of the research topics . We shall be glad to take both Eric and Giuseppe as summer interns . Everybody was immensely impressed with Giuseppe and we shall welcome him with open arms . I shall get in touch with you in the beginning of January to finalize the arrangements for your trip and our meeting at Stanford . Vince
Steve , My phone number is 281 367 5377 . We shall be very glad to join you to celebrate the holidays . Vince Enron Technology
Frank , Thanks for your message . See you in Houston and Happy Holidays . Vince
Iris' interview schedule . Vince
Les , The same to you . Best Holidays Wishes and a Happy New Year . Hope to see you in Houston in March . I signed up for one training class and I am sending 2 guys to both courses . Vince
I am glad this problem has been taken care of . Hope everything is going well for you . I shall get in touch with you before coming to New York City . Happy Holidays an the best of luck . Vince
Tanya , I could not locate the file . Vince
FYI Vince
Grant Masson
Eugene , No problem . Please , contact Stinson Gibner or Zimin Lu . Vince
Sheila , I am forwarding you a message I received a few days ago . I want to ask you for advice how to handle this case . My first reaction was to ignore it . The longer I think about it , the more convinced I become that some action is required . Let's try to reverse the situation and assume for the sake of argument that a female employee was harassed by a male colleague . An employee informs her boss a few months later about the alleged incident and the boss chooses to ignore it . In many similar cases , courts subsequently found against the companies that decided to turn a blind eye to such complaints . The fact that we are dealing with the case of reverse harassment is immaterial . If I ignore this complaint I may expose the company to charges of double standard in handling sexual harassment cases . My recommendation would be to ask Maureen to attend sensitivity training and sexual harassment prevention class . Please , let me know what you think . Sorry to burden you with this case . Vince
Please , renew it . Vince
Chris , The phone has been found and has not been compromised in any way . Can you , please , restore the service . Thanks . Vince Kaminski
Happy New Year . Vince Kaminski P.S . You can also use vkamins@enron.com It used to be vkamins@enron.ect.com
FYI Vince
Please , use a new template stored in the Plans2001 folder for today's project lists . Over the last few weeks we had several parallel copies of the same file floating around . I have updated he list of group members in the first sheet . Please , make sure I have not omitted anybody . Vince
Keith , Thanks . My home address is vkaminski@aol.com , not wkaminski@aol.com . The name starts with v . Vince
To all whom it may concern: I keep receiving such unsolicited messages ( please , see below ) that represent an obvious scam . Is there any way to block out the messages from this source ? I assume other employees of Enron are also being hit . Vince Kaminski
Shirley , I think it's a growing problem of junk mail that is being sent indiscriminately to everybody . Sometimes it comes from legitimate institutions , sometimes it represents scams . I got a message today about diamonds in Sierra Leone . Vince
I am glad I could help . Look forward to working with you . Vince
John , Thanks a lot . Vince
John , I have received your message regarding Mike Roberts . I could not agree more . Mike deserves to be compensated for his exceptional contribution . Additional recommendation . I think that all weather forecasting support should be consolidated under Mike ( including the weather guys supporting power trading) . In my view , it was a mistake to remove Mike from power support . It would also mean a lot to him personally . Vince
Dear Sir , I would like to apologize for the delay in responding to your fax . I was on vacation for the last few days . I shall be honored to meet your delegation on Thursday , February 8 at 10:00 Please , let me know if you will be free for lunch after the meeting . Vince Kaminski
Shirley , Please , put it on my calendar . Vince
Shirley , 2 different letters for Hector . Vince
Dear Mr . Nur Azmin Abu Bakar , Thanks for your prompt reply . Please , let us know how many members of your team will visit Enron . I look forward to our meeting on February 8 . Vince Kaminski
Osman , Kevin Kindall is working on the methods for operational risk . Please , schedule a meeting with him and Tanya ( myself included) . Vince
I have talked to Alex about it . I don't think that the additional seminars will crowd out the brown bag lunches . The seminars are really targeted to people who recently joined the group and have very limited , or zero , exposure to energy markets . For most members of the group it should be the piece of cake . Brown bag lunches are not that time intensive , except for the speaker . Plus , we ran out of days available for lunch meetings . Vince
Margaret , The forward power and gas price curves , unlike NYMEX futures prices , are not publicly available and are a closely guarded secret of the trading desks . We have no authority to release them without getting the head of the trading desk involved . Vince
To Keith
Greg , As a follow up . We are talking to Jay Webb today about the data we can get from the Enron OnLine system to develop an early warning system for automated crude trading . By the way , it was a good catch . You left us red faced . Vince
Can you schedule a brainstorming session with Vasant , Tanya , Rakesh , myself and Ben ( if possible) ? What about the trip on Monday . Has it been scheduled ? Vince
I shall E-mail you every article I get . Vince
Thanks for the invitation . I shall attend . Vince Kaminski Enron North America Corp .
I have it on my laptop and I had problems attaching through a docking station to the system . I shall move it through AOL tonight . Vince
To Keith
Norma , Happy New Year . Look forward to working with you in 2001 . Can you send the resume of L Xu to me in an electronic form ? Thanks Vince
Shirley , I might have already sent it to you with a request to renew . Vince
Sally , I gave you some time ago a brochure on this benchmarking study request . They renewed their request for Enron's participation . What is your view on this ? Do you think the benefits of knowing what's going on offset the loss due information released and time spent on the project . My recommendation is to forget it . Vince
1 . Presentation 2 . John Martin
This is the presentation . Sorry for the delay . Vince
Michele , I have defined the project for the students . It's one project that is divided into three sections . Feel free to stop by to talk about it . Vince
Valery , I may be in Dallas in the next few weeks . I shall probably come to Dallas one Friday . I shall let you know well in advance . Vince
FYI Vince
Ashley , Thnaks . I shall attend the reception . I shall ask Shirley to set up a meeting with you to discuss spring events on campus . Vince
Please , resend the message . I cannot open the document . Vince Kaminski
This was perfectly all right . As a matter of fact I expect and encourage the members of the group to disagree with me ( or anybody else ) on any subject . I am never offended by it and take it as a manifestation of ability to think independently and having the courage of one' s convictions . Nobody has the monopoly on truth and nobody knows everything . The only way we can learn and avoid costly errors ( to ourselves and the company ) is by having open communication . In Enron , facts are friendly . By the way , it was an excellent presentation . Vince
Shirley , I don't have the resume . We can ask Jennifer Burns if she has it . Vince
Shirley , Here it comes . Vince
John , I am forwarding you a resume I have received today . The document has been distorted in transmission but it's still readable . Vince
Anita , I can attend . Vince
George , We shall be able to accommodate one or two extra people in the first round . We shall be glad to repeat the seminars starting soon for a bigger group . We would like to learn form experience how to run it . By the way , we had an option training for EES ( roughly 150 people , over a few weeks) . I can give you the materials and we can repeat it if you think it's useful . Vince
Kevin , Let's meet for lunch next week ( Monday of Friday would be best) . We can talk about the project and decide who has the right skills to help you . The person who supports EBS is Stinson Gibner and his lead person is Martin Lin . My secretary's number is 3-5290 ( Shirley Crenshaw) . Vince
Michael , I think that Keynes was right on the money . He had great insights into the forward markets . By the way , what are your thoughts about CA ? Vince
Jeff , A few comments on the model: 1 . We have a few reservations about some features of the model but would like to discuss it internally and make the improvements without giving the benefit of our insights to the consultant . In general , the model is not unreasonable but the devil is always in the details and in the inputs and calibration . The same model may produce drastically different results depending on the quality of inputs . 2 . We don't have a separate pool of programmers in the Research Group . We were told that you would provide an IT resource . Alex would supervise this person . Vince
Sally , Thanks . The name of the person is at the bottom of this sequence of messages . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Norma , FYI Vince
FYI . I shall not be surprised if Grant knock on our door again in a few weeks . I told him he could not count on the same generous treatment he got the first time . Vince
Kevin , Makes perfect sense . Vince
Sam , Let's include this week points 1.1 and 1.2 . It's by Martin and Shaleesh . Vince
FYI . This is the list of the Petronas executives visiting Enron on Feb 8 . I have invited them to lunch . Would you like to join me for lunch . I would like to propose a short courtesy meeting at 10 with Jeff/John ( 5 - 10 minutes) , followed by RAC/Research presentation till 11:30 . Vince P.S . I shall reserve a conference room for this meeting
Pearce , I shall be in my office , receiving many calls during the course . Some of the calls may be confidential . This makes it a bit difficult . Vince Enron North America Corp .
FYI Vince
Kathy , Enron will be represented by myself ( Vince Kaminski ) and Kenneth Parkhill . Vince
I am meeting Jeff on Tuesday , 1:30 . The best number to reach me ( outside the office ) is my cell phone My home number is 281 367 5377 . Vince
Shirley , Please , give Gloria info about my availability Vince
Hello Shmuel , Thanks for your message . The end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 were extremely busy and I could not focus on PSERC issues . I shall consult a few people in Enron on this subject and get in touch with you . Our concern right now is that the results of research are widely shared with our competition . I am out on the 19th , but the 20th would work for me . I would be glad to cover the cost of your Austin to Houston trip . Regarding your son . The Analyst / Associate program will interview again on the campus in the spring and they will be more than happy to interview him .
Julie , The discount is fine . Look fwd to receiving the books . Vince
David Thanks . I shall get in touch with you a few days before to coordinate the details . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Sam , This is a partial list of people to whom I would like to send the volumes: Winokur ( Enron Board member , Shirley has his address ) Jeff Skilling Ken Lay Mark Frevert Greg Whalley Rick Buy Jeff Shankman John Lavorato Dave Delainey I shall write the cover letter . Also , we can add additional volume for Kaminski's columns ( just 10 copies) , including bios and my contributions . I would like to show the depth of talent we have in the group . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Sam , Yes , let's omit the guys who left the company , but we can include the summer interns . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Denise , No problem . We shall prepare a short presentation to address these issues . Vince Kaminski
Steve , Friday morning is fine . What about 8:00 a.m. ? Vince
Donna , My preference is to come to the campus . I shall check with Christie and Jeff regarding their availability . Vince
Shirley , FYI Vince
Jeff , Please , send me your phone numbers . I shall call you at my convenience . Vince
Hi , Christe Thanks . The objective of the meeting with Jeff Shankman is to use his powers of persuasion to make sure that John Arnold and Louise Kitchen can make presentations to the Tiger Team . We can also talk to them about getting some other people from their units to make presentations to the team . Vince
Shirley , It's OK . Vince
FYI Vince P.S . Rita , Please , cc Shirley on all my msgs . Vince
Can we give access to her and WHY ? Vince
Steve , It's really Houston part of the group only . We have to figure out how to close the gap caused by Grant's departure . Vince
Christie , Thanks for the invitation . I shall see you on Friday . Vince
Can you interview this guy ? Maybe Tanya , a math Ph.D . can help as well . Vince
Hi Jeff , No problem . As soon as we have an agreement in place , I shall start working with you . Vince
Molly , Sandeep Kohli called last night . We decided to transfer Anshuman for the 6-month trial period and then extend his assignment to a permanent employment if necessary . For Sandeep Kohli it's a permanent transfer , effective immediately . Some local opposition to poaching of good people . Vince
Ed , No problem . Please , forward me her resume . Vince
Do you know anything about it ? Vince
Martin , Please , ask Steve to call your office . I may be late on Friday . I don't have to be present at this conference call . Please , talk about your potential involvement and if takes a trip to London it's OK with me . Vince
Christie , I have two persons in my group helping me with the Wharton and Rice projects . By the way , the project I gave to Rice students is exactly the same as the project for Wharton . We shall see who is better . Their names are Li Sun and Kenneth Parkhill . Can we invite them to the dinner on the 18th and to the meetings on Friday ? Vince
Steve , Thanks a lot . I think that having the pseudo code will go a long way towards understanding how the system works and making sure that there are no bugs in translation of a business problem ( for example , complicated credit insurance deals with multiple triggers and conditionality ) into the code . Regarding Tanya's attitude . Just a few points . 1 . I don't think she has the skills to do the system administrator's work and she does not have the necessary privileges . This explains why she keeps asking Winston for help . It's not that the work is beneath her . 2 . Some members of Tanya's team came to me complaining about Winston . He effectively told them to go away and work on the "research projects" and that he would take care of the IT issues . I don't think that it's just Tanya's issue , though I agree that a more outgoing personality would be helpful . 3 . The reality of this situation is that the internal customers beat on Tanya and me whenever there is any performance problems and/or they intuitively disagree with the results of a run . They could not care less about the demarcation line between IT and Research . They also want Tanya to sign off on the model and she cannot do it without full access to the code . The bottom line is that we are in full agreement: Tanya and Winston have to work as a team and I shall work on my end to make sure that it happens . Credit is emerging as a critical issue for Enron for the next few weeks and the system cannot fail . Vince
Pavel , We shall talk to him . He looks like a very qualified candidate . Vince
Shirley , Please , set up a phone interview with him . I think both Zimin and Stinson should talk to him . Vince
Shirley , Please put it on my calendar . Vince
Osman , George Posey asked for a call . Vince
Alex , No problem . Vince
Call John Martin Sat 3:00 p.m .
FYI Vince
Tony , No problem . Vince
Norma , Thanks for your help . My phone numbers are 713 410 5396 ( cell , always on ) or 281 367 5377 ( home) . Vince
I would like to invite you to a meeting with Jeff Shankman on Tuesday January 16 , 3:30 p.m . at Jeff Shankman's office . We are meeting to plan the agenda for the Tiger Team , a group of about 20 Wharton School students visiting Enron . A Wharton tiger team works through a semester on a special project , proposed by a corporation . The team sponsored by Enron works on project regarding the impact of electronic trading on the energy markets . The semester long project will result in a report that will be submitted to Enron for review and evaluation . I hope that you will find this report useful . We have invited our tiger team to visit Enron . The students will arrive on Thursday , January 18 , and will spend Friday at Enron . I would appreciate if you could find 30 minutes on Friday to talk to the students . The meeting with Jeff on Tuesday should not last longer than 10-15 minutes . Vince
Osman , Vasant is setting up a meeting to review the credit models with EES . Please , call-in or attend when the meeting is set . Vince
Seth , Thanks for the resume . Please , call my assistant , Shirley Crenshaw , 3-5290 , to set up a meeting . Vince
Robert , Absolutely . This is a critical situation . Vince
Remove
Julie , Thanks . Also , as a follow up: did you receive the check from Paul Quilkey ? Vince
Sally , Congratulations . Vince
Hi Kim , I don't see any problem . For the time being , he can keep his desk on the 19th floor as well (  and the same phone number) . It will be helpful when he has to work closely with Krishna under time constraint . At some point , as we hire more people and run out of space , we can move him completely to your floor . Please , ask your assistant to call Shirley and arrange the move . Vince
Shirley , Please , invite her for an interview . Myself , Stinson , Maureen . Vince
Steve , My E-mail is vkamins@enron.com Thanks for the tip . Vince
Thanks for your message . The fax has been sent . Vince
Molly , Yes , March 1 would work . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Richard , Thanks for the invitation . I have already made another commitment but it's conditional on a few related events ( friends of friends coming to town) . If the other event is canceled , I shall be glad to join you . I shall let you know in a few days . Vince
John , I am sending you an old write-up on the risk management system . This is for "your eyes only" , though this info is out already . Some people left the company and also the consultants who audited the model use these ideas . Vince
Hi John , You have a very attractive family . You must be a very proud father and husband . Vince
Shirley , Please , try the E-mail address below . Vince
Christie , John Henderson committed in principle to speaking to the Tigers . Please , send him the location info and conform the time ( 2:00 p.m.) . Vince
Vincent , I have forwarded the resume to our Analysts / Associate pool with a recommendation to accept David as a summer intern . I expressed interest in taking him into my group . He may , of course , work for a different unit of Enron . It's up to him and I shall not be offended if he would like to go into trading or deal origination . Vince
Shirley , Please , put it on my schedule . Vince
Ron , FYI Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Angela , Thanks for your message . I shall be glad to attend the conference , both days . I shall call Dr . Ronn to discuss my participation . Vince Kaminski
FYI Vince
Kristin , I shall be tied up with the Wharton group all day Friday . I am forwarding the message to some members of the Research Group . I hope some of them will be available . Vince P.S . To the Research Group . Can you , please , help Kristin ? Enron North America Corp .
Becky , We proably need to meet for a few minutes to explain the way I estimated charges . Vince
FYI Vince
Pam , Thanks . The list of E-mail addresses would be useful as well . Vince
Yes , I would be very interested . Vince
I shall take 2 thin mints and one apple cinnamon . Vince
Celeste , I am a very good customer of your group . This is another student ( this time from Chicago ) I would be glad to take into the group as an intern . The resume is attached at the bottom of this message . Vince
I am glad you received the fax . I shall send you the list of Enron's participants at a later date . I have invited a numbers of Enron employees representing our different business units , including LNG and crude trading , risk controls group and research . Vince Kaminski
Karen , I shall attend the conference , both days . Vince Kaminski
Bryan Please , take a look at the resume of Howard Haughton . He looks like an answer to your prayers . It's the first attachment . Vince P.S . Jeff , the headhunter , can be reached at ( 949 ) 813 2241 . Please , set up the interview , if interested , through him .
Clayton , Great news . I would like to sit down with you , Tom and Stinson and review where we are with this project . Also , I would like to talk to you about your status ( finalizing the transfer to another group) . Vince
Yes , it's correct . We have experienced problems replying to a number of messages sent by your organization ( not just your E-mail address) . I shall send you the list of people who will attend the meeting at a later day . We shall have representatives from the crude and LNG trading desks , research and risk control . Could you , please , resend me the list of your delegates . Vince I have invited a number
Eugenio , Done . Vince
Steve , No problem . It was a very short meeting ( most people were out) . Yes , I will be in Houston during the week of the conference . See you in Austin and in Houston . Vince
Molly , This is an update on Anshuman . Please , see below . It seems that his transfer is not an issue for the time being . We can put it on a back-burner till he gets here . Vince P.S . The relevant section . I also spoke about Anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such a long time . However , I have agreement from folks here to send him to Houston for a shorter stint on DPC budget . I will try to finalize that before I leave . I will call you in the evening to just chat .
Molly , Let's get L1 for Anshuman , just in case . I am sure he will stay here for a while once he comes . It is quite obvious Jeff Shankman will have to keep him longer , given the priority of the project . I assume there are no problems with Sandeep . Thanks . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Molly , I shall ask Sandeep to do it when he comes back from India next week . I have just learned that Anshuman has B1 visa and he can start on a project as a person delegated by Dhabol Power Company to Houston . To be absolutely above the line , I would still arrange the L1 visa . Vince Enron North America Corp .
FYI Vince
Can you ask Alex and Tanya to interview this guy ? I wan to make a recommendation to Celeste based on an this interview . Vince
FYI Vince
What about Paulo ? Vince
Norma , It seems that there is a bug in the system . I made an error mixing equity and merit raises in one column . The system does not allow me to correct the mistake by moving the entries from one column to another . I can enter the changes , but after I save them the system reverts to original designations . As a result , the columns contain mixed entries related to merit and equity raises . The column totals are misleading . I am taking a CSV version home to continue making adjustments . I shall work at home Monday ( 281 367 5377) . Vince
Molly , Thanks . Let's wait for Sandeep: he comes back Wednesday . Anshuman will work with him . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Steve , I can order the books at 15% discount . I am sending you 4 copies today and will be glad to order more on your behalf . Vince
Steve , Thanks . I got out of my LU positions last week . What do you think of MOT , NT and TXN ? Thinking about jumping in after a big drop . Vince
David , I am sending you the questions submitted by Petronas for our meeting on Feb 8 . Are you going to invite additional RAC people to the meeting ( Bill Bradford would be helpful with credit questions , Bjorn may be interested as well) . Vince
Marc , Thanks for the invitation . I shall attend . Vince Kaminski Enron
Norma , I am sending you an Excel spreadsheet with proposed merit and equity increases . I have slightly exceeded the merit quota . The equity increases address two issues: retention and and an error in setting a salary at hiring ( I tend to be too stingy) . Please , let me know if there are any questions . I am forwarding a copy of the spreadsheet to my home address so I can work on it tonight , if necessary . Vince
FYI Vince
FYI The list of the delegates from Petronas . Vince Kaminski
John , Thanks for the article . I was off for the last few days and I ma catching up with my mail . I shall call you during the next few days . Vince
Steve , Please , let me know when you come back . I have detected a tendency to implement different approaches to valuation in the past . To some extent , it reflects the absence of formal rules for sign-off on the valuation techniques which , in turn , reflects , the turf wars and the desire by the originators to control the outcomes . Vince
No problem . Vince
Kathy , What is EMBANET ? Do I have access from the outside ? Vince Kaminski
Please , put it on my schedule . Vince
David , I am an adjunct professor at Rice . Can I get access to
Steve , Vince
Debbie , This is an update on the continuing Winston saga . Tanya identified the sections of the code that produce inefficiencies but the rest is in the Winston's hands . Steve Stock is very cooperative and takes a very rational , Enron-first approach to the problem . Privately , my concern is that the code , based on Tanya's report to me , leaves a lot to be desired . The code tends to be a very mechanical implementation of the algorithm , developed without a series attempt to optimize it . Let's keep paddling along . Vince
Steve , I was delayed on my wait out . I probably hit the stop at Let me buy you a coffee this afternoon . What about 2:00 ? Vince
Steve , Sign-off from the Research Group is something that requires defining formal rules going forward . My concern over the last few years was that we were asked on many occasions to sign - off on partial results of valuation , without the benefits of a full picture . Sometimes , we were asked to sign-off on trade ideas , over which we have no control long-term . I shall talk to Rick Buy and David Port about setting up more formal rules for the Research sign-off . Vince
FYI Vince
Steve , What about Thu ? Vince
Craig , This is a resume I have received . He does not fit my group . Any interest ? Vince
Christie , Feb the 20th is the best time for me . Vince
Steve , What about coffee at 10 , Thu ? Vince
Nice to hear from you . Dinner on Wednesday , Jan 31 would be great . Please , let me know where you are going to stay . Vince
Molly , We want to hire this very bright young man as a part-time employee , reporting to Mike Roberts . Mike will be contacting you regarding the details . Vince
Carrie , We have invited the team to dinner Thursday , 7:00 p.m . Would you loike to join us ? Vince
Melinda , Thanks . Vince
Thanks . See you at 6:30 . Vince
FYI Vince
Molly , Thanks for the update . Two points . Please , let Neil McGregor know that many possible proposals were floated with regard to Anshuman and there was some noise in the system . We need L1 visa anyway and we decided to go ahead an arrange it . I shall also write to him and explain the confusion . Also , if I have the choice between upsetting Neil or Jeffs ( Shankman and Skilling) , I shall choose Neil . Vince Enron North America Corp .
What about 9:30 . I have a dentist appointment at 7:45 but I should get to the office by 9:30 . Vince
Neil , I would like to apologize for the confusion regarding Anshuman . We have floated a number of possible scenarios regarding his trip to Houston and there was a lot of confusion regarding the terms ( given that I was talking to Sandeep every few days) . Currently , we expect Anshuman to come to Houston for one month to work on the DPC project ( at Jeff Shankman's request) . The lawyers advised me that we need an L1 visa for him , irrespective of the duration of his stay . Sorry for the confusion .
Candice , Maureen was sick for the last few days . When she comes back , I shall ask her to start the process regarding a formal offer for you . Vince
I have called Mark Lay and left a message on his voice mail . Vince
Johan My apologies for getting back to you with a delay . We shall be interested in talking to James . Please , let me know if: 1 . You have an umbrella agreement with Enron 2 . Can we contact James directly , or should we work through you . Vince
Martin , No problem . Please , ask Stinson as well . Vince
I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested . Even if we cannot help you here in Enron , he may be able to put you in touch with other CV groups in town . Please , call him directly and give my name as a reference . Good luck . Vince
Darrell , Thanks a lot . A quick question: we haven't received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews . Please , make sure that we are billed . Clewlow/Strickland book is out . I shall send you a copy today . Vince
David , A reminder . We discussed a few days ago a consulting arrangement with Prof . Sheridan Titman from UT . Any feedback from Rick Buy ? Please , let me know . Vince
Bryan , Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you ? He looked like a great guy for your group . Vince
Sheridan , I have just checked with RAC ( David Gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project . I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details . Vince
Rachel , Vasant Shanbhogue and Tanya Tamarchenko from my group will be in London next week . They can meet Howard . Vince
Thanks for the update . I hope that you and Mark will come up with a good plan of attack . I can only regret that my workload does not allow me to participate in this project . Vince
Kevin . Thanks . I am working on the distribution list and the cover letters . Vince
Pam Thanks Yes , please , send me the E-mail addresses . Vince
Makes perfect sense . Per head cost is much lower . We shall have enough candidates . Vince
You and Tanya should go ahead with the course you have already registered for . I have just mentioned it FYI . I don't see too many problems with the course Stinson may help to arrange . The alternative course can be scheduled on premises , late in the day and distributed over longer time period . Vince
Johan , Please , confirm the interview on Thursday next week , 1-5 . Vince
Shirley , We want to invite him for an interview , Vince
FYI Vince
Julie , We received the shipment of 50 books . Thanks . The book was an instant hit . We need 50 more books . Vince P.S . I understand Paul sent you the check for the remaining 50%
Clayton , No problem . I asked Shirley to reschedule . Vince Shirley , Please , rescheduule . Vince
Mike , Following request has been made for a number of people . The access requested is: o:\research\power meteorology\weather temperatures - Data Approval Grant This is what I wrote , denying the request: The reason for the rejection has been communicated several times . The person who requested the access does not want it any more . Granting both read/write access could threaten the integrity of the data . Any comments ? Vince
10 Snowbird The Woodlands , TX 77381
Ken A tour would be great ( after 10:30 , if they can make it) . Please , let Shirley know about the meeting . Vince
Can you forward it to the team . Vince
Jeff , Greg and John , Our old friend Tom Costantino is interested in coming back to Enron . It seems that his move to NYMEX either will not happen or will not happen for some time . You can contact him at home: Vince
Giselle , Thanks . We want to send him flowers . Please , let me know when he is transferred to a regular room: I don't think he can receive flower at the ICU . Vince
Jeff , My associates are leaving for London tonight ( Monday) . They can still interview Howard on Tuesday afternoon . Vince
Geoff , You have very beautiful daughters . You must be a very proud father . I shall try to attend a few sessions of the CERA conference . You can also call me when you are in Houston and we can meet for dinner and/or drinks . Vince
Jeff , It seems that NYMEX will not make a decision any time soon or they rejected Tom . I think the latter is the case . Tom is looking for a trading or origination job with Enron . I think that we can use his expertise here . Vince
Jason , You should know what these terms mean . Let's get both . Vince
Shirley , Please , send Johan ( address below ) the info how to get to the building . Vince
Jeff , Correction . Tom Costantino's phone number: My previous message had a typo . Vince
Paula , I cannot open the attachment . Vince
No , no updates . Vince
Articles
Scott , Please , take a look at this resume . Vince
Julie , There are many employees in London who would be interested . You can send an inquiry to Steve Leppard . I had a presentation last night to GARP in Houston and did a commercial for the book . You should put me on commission . Vince
Steve , I am glad you feel better . Please , let Debbie know that she should not hesitate to call on me or Paula ( or the rest of he Woodlands crowd if she needs help) . Vince
Any resolution on this one ? Vince
John . I want to ask you for a favor . Can you help this fellow ( who is negotiating a contract with John Wiley by giving him some advice ? Vince
Kristin , Yes , we would like very much to have her as a summer intern . I can take her ino my group . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Who is handling this software ? Vince
Yes , I shall be glad to make a presentation . Thanks for considering me . Vince
do niedzieli .
FYI Vince
We have to let him know that he should get the update . Vince
Please , take a look at it . I think we should download the update . Vince
Julie , I am like the godfather . I shall ask you to return the favor one day . The address is: steven.leppard@enron.com Vince
Rick , I could not open the message . Vince
Thanks . Vince
Rick , It did not work . Vince
FYI Vince
Frank , I have on my laptop . It's easier to send it from home . What is your E-mail address . Please cc to Vince Enron North America Corp .
Option 2 would be acceptable . Vince
Rick , I think you are sending an encrypted message . Vince
Elsa , Thanks for the invitation . I shall be glad to join you . Please , send me the details . Vince
Rick , I shall ask my assistant to schedule a meeting early next week . Vince
Please , feel free to call me if you hae any questions . Vince
Mark , This is the latest draft ( Fri afternoon) , of the paper by John Martin from Baylor . Please , review the draft from the point of view of our PR policy . I shall read it as well . Vince
Dan , I am sending you a resume of one of my compatriots who lives in Houston . I met him socially a few times . He graduated from the same university I did . Vince
Ken , Tom , Can you , please , forward the evaluation forms to our guests ? Vince
Vince One of the tigers Vince
Kristin Another Tiger . Vince
FYI Vince
John , HTML version of Enron article: Vince
Andy , I am sending you a draft oof a proposal regarding national forum for top finance practitioners and academics . The idea came from a professor at Rice University who has already received a commitment from a number of most distinguished CFOs . Please , read the outline and see if you would be interested in joining this forum . I shall be glad to help to arrange a meeting with Prof . Ikenberry . Vince
I shall ask our lawyer to prepare a standard non-disclosure agreement . As soo as it is executed , I shall send you a copy of the binder . Please , don't distribute it: It's an internal document . By the way , when is your trip ? Vince
Alyse , 2 more names . Please , let Kristin know we can take all these Wharton students . Vince
Rick , We are using SAS . I am glad you can speak at our lunch meeting on Feb 15 . Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
Marek ,
Jeff , We shall continue talking to Howard when he comes back from NYC . I shall set up an interview with him . Vince
David , It's even better . Dinner on the 18th works best for me . I sent your outline to our CFO with my recommendation . I hope to hear shortly from him . Vince
Jeff , Thanks . We shall try to arrange a video conference with Houston when Howard is back . Vince
Let's talk about it at the meeting . Vince
Chris , Thanks for the invitation . Yes , I am interested in the training course . I shall call Paul Bristow today . Please , give me some indication regarding the dates . Vince Vincent Kaminski Managing Director - Research Enron Corp . 1400 Smith Street Room EB1962
Dave , Both days . Vince
Jeff , We have video facilities both in Houston and London . We shall invite Howard to visit our office in London again . Vince
Jennifer , I cannot attend . Vince
Kristin This is another member of the Tiger Team I am ready to take as an intern . We shall have enough work for all of them . Vince
David , Please , send me an E-mail with you phone number . Vince
FYI Vince
Steve , I sold EFS . I think insurance stocks are going up on the hopes of further interest rates cuts . We bought 100 books . Yes , please , send me the copy of an article . Vince
Joe , I shall probably ask Tanya to attend . It coincides with Parents' Weekend at Stanford . Please , send me the slides anyway . I shall help Tanya to prepare her presentation . Vince
Shawn , I have met Bogdan a few times socially . He graduated from the same university I went to in Poland . He seems to be a dynamic and a personable guy . He has experience that may be useful to your group . Vince
Tanya , Looks good . We should break it up in 2 parts . Vince
Andy , Please , give me the number of copies and I can order on your behalf at 15% discount . Vince
Krishna , Please , take a look . Vince
FYI Vince
I shall be traveling Tue and Wed this week . Please , call me at 713 853 3848 on Thursday or Friday . Vince
Jim , I was on vacation last week . I shall be out Tuesday and Wednesday . What about a call next week ? Vince
I shall be traveling . Unable to attend . Vince Kaminski
Bob , Can you help Kristin with interviews on Friday ? Please , let me know . You can leave a message on my voice mail . Vince
Krishna He wants to meet at 8:30 Friday . Who can join me for this meeting ? Vince
Papers on hedging for Roberts 58911 Vince
Julie , That's definitely an option . We can provide the room . Maybe we can cut with you a special deal for Enron and increase the # of people attending . I am forwarding your message to our weather desk . Vince Joe , What do you think about it ? Vince
John , I think it's a good idea . Please , go ahead and call him directly . Vince
Please , put on my calendar Vince
Please , help Margaret with L1 for Anshuman . Vince
John , Did you have a chance to take a look at his presentation ? Any comments ? Vince
Mark , Any further thoughts on the blood bank concept ? Please , let me know if I can be helpful ? Vince
Julie , Enron location makes more sense . No reason to pay for the hotel . Also , I think that one day makes more sense . I contacted the weather desk about including other people at the training course . I think that they would be interested if they got a good discount . Vince
FYI Vince
Kristin , The problem with this guy is that we maxed out on the number of interns we can gainfully employ and provide adequate supervision . So , we have to pass on him . Vince Enron North America Corp .
No problem . Vince
Ken Thanks Vince
FYI Vince
Christie , Look fwd to the trip . Shirley is sending you my itinerary . When are you flying back ? What about a dinner on Tuesday ? Vince
I left message on Mark's voice mail with the question about his interest in your idea . Vince
Christie , Meeting at 5:30 is fine with me . The presentation is at 6:30 . I sent you a message regarding a dinner on Tuesday . Can you join me and Ken Parkhill ? Vince
Mark , Thanks . Vince
Celeste , Thanks a lot . Please , let us know whom you are willing to take based on the campus interviews , and I shall absorb the overflow . My experience with the Teams 1 & 3 is that they are outstanding students and we shall be able to offer them a fulfilling summer internship . Last year we took 8 summer interns into research and all of them very happy with the program . Vince
FYI Vince
Rachel , I would like very much to interview Howard but I am in Philadelphia on Tuesday . Vince
Jeff , I cannot interview Howard on Tue ( business trip) . I think the organization is very interested in him . I don't know what "illicts your attention" means . Vince
Chaim , I received a number of phone messages from you . The project is now in the hands of John and I shall be very happy to assist him when he is ready to move . He is looking at the licensing agreement right now . Till then , I have to wait for him to make a decision . My role in this project is one of a facilitator , technical consultant . Vince
Tanya
Rachel , Thanks . Vince
Joe , This is the most recent offer from Lacima ( weather derivatives course) . What do you think ? Vince
Jeff My interview with Howard will be scheduled on a different day . Vince
Tanya FYI Department of Finance College and Graduate School of Business University of Texas at Austin Vince
Julie , I forwarded your message to the weather desk . I think you can cancel Hyatt and save some money . Vince
Maureen , This is the review . Vince
Molly , Please , make arrangements for the interview with this candidate for a trading position . Interviews with John Lavorato , Jeff Shankman , I talked to him in New York and he is considering other opportunities , so we have to act fast . I think John will like him more than Punit . Thanks
FYI Vince
Judy , Sorry , I cannot help you on this one . I already cover a number of campuses . Vince
Julie , No answer yet . Vince
Gary , I got your message . The best way to proceed is to establish direct communication between you and Julie and negotiate a deal . Vince
Konstantin , No problem , as long as the MBA program agrees to it . I need an E-mail from them . Vince
Anita , Good decision . Vince
Andy , Thanks . I cannot open the file . Is it a Word document ? Vince
I am sending you the slides from our presentation for Dave Delainey . Please , update the slides , to account for the reorg and growth of the group . I shall represent Maureen . Please , make decisions about involving additional people in this project . Vince
Andy , Thanks . I shall forward your message to Prof . Ikenberry . Vince
Molly , Thanks a lot . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Marek ,
Julie , Thanks for the invitation . Tuesday would work better for me . I came back from California this morning and I am quite exhausted . What is the number at which I can reach you ? Vince
Anita , We have to push Steve's presentation one week forward . Rick Jones will be completing his presentation . Vince
Elena , Can you , please , help wiht this request ? Kevin , Please , call me if Elena is not in the office on Wednesday . Vince
Dennis , No problem . Vince PM
Jack , This is up to the MBA program . I have no problem if they agreed to it . The only constraint is the space and we shall have to address the issue on Thursday during the first class . Vince
Bernard , I am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a reprint . I would be glad to take a look at your dissertation . Is it available as a publication , working paper ? Vince
Any web-site I can access ?
Shirley , Yes , I think I am free . Please , set it up . Vince
Bernard , It seems the msg has been truncated . Vince
Celeste , It seems that the process lasted too long for some students and only Kim Whitsel is interested in the internship at this point . Her resume has been forwarded to you . I am enclosing it just in case . Thanks for your help . Vince
Celeste , I have just talked to Kim . I told her she will receive one . Vince
Bernard , Yes , I can read a DVI file . You can also cc my home address: Vkaminski@aol.com . I shall try to send you an answer to your question on weekend . Vince
Vin , The E-mail address of the person who can help you with a job at San Fran , a brokerage business . Dad
Hi Paula , A friend of mine comes from New York ( an interview with Enron on Monday ) and he will stay with me on Sunday . What about a dinner at the bistro ? Vince
Hello David , Coffee early next week would work for me . Vince
Hi Steve , I shall call you Friday morning my time . Vince
Donna , FYI Vince
Barbara , I called Vlady Gorny and explained that the presentation by Jorion is not offered under the umbrella of the seminar sponsored by Enron and that it is a closed meeting for the School faculty . I don't think that Enron would open its job interviews to Rice observers who expressed interest and I made this comment to Vlady . He is OK with this . You can let his program director know that I have explained to Vlady that it is a meeting for limited audience and that he does not expect to be invited . Please , let me know the details of the dinners . Vince
Hello , Sorry for a delay in getting back to you . We would like very much to offer you a summer internship . Please , let me know if you are interested . Vince Kaminski
You can coordinate the details with me . Let me know what the time frame is for you and we shall send you an appropriate offer . Vince
Mike Take a look at this and go to Paul Solman's report on gas prices . There is a video capsule of El Paso weather report . Vince
Barbara , I will be glad to join you . Vince
This is fine though you are welcome to spend more time with us this summer . Vince
Steve , Welcome back . Let's have coffee ASAP and review all the projects under way . Vince
Sam , Here it is . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Kim , Yes , the offer is coming . It may take a few days to process it , but you can count on it . Vince
Shirley , Do you know about it ? Vince
Iris , I think that your badge has not been activated for the access to the floor after 7 p.m . or the weekends . We shall take care of it . Vince
I could not access the system . Vince Kaminski
Shirley yes . Vince
I shall send you a reprint of the article . I had to cancel my presentation at San Antonio . Vince Shirley , Please , send a copy of the article to Hari .
It seems that the academia is catching up . Do you have a realistic case we can show them ? Something generic . Vince
Duane , Sorry for the delay in responding to you . I shall get back to you in a day or so . Vince
Laura , We shall have phone interviews with both candidates you brought up to our attention . Vince
Vincent , Sorry for a delay in responding to your message . I shall be very glad to write a letter of recommendation . Please , send me the forms . I hope you are doing OK . Vince
I think I forwarded the message to you . Did we act on it ? Vince
Thanks for you message . My group hires almost exclusively people with background in quantitative disciplines ( math , physics ) or computer programming . I shall send your resume to some other units in the company that are looking for people with good skills and experience . Vince
Shirley , Am I registered ? Vince
Christie , Karen and Mike , This is info about Texas Finance Festival , a great opportunity to establish closer ties with Texas business schools . You can contact John directly if you are interested in attending . Vince
Sheila , Some minor differences between the draft and the final executed version . I have forgotten to bring the draft today , I shall send a copy to you tomorrow . There were some hand-written changes made by Greg ijn the draft that were not transferred to the final version . Vince
I have looked at the outline of the proposed course and find that practically all the topics of the program are the staple of what we do every day . I don't think Research should spend money for this class . If we want to establish a relationship , we can easily do it by asking him to work on a research project . Vince
Should we make arrangements for lunch ? What about inviting Brad Romine: he was instrumental in forming this relationship ? Vince Shirley , please include on my calendar .
Sheila , There were some handwritten changes made by Greg Whalley on the draft. . I am sending you a copy in a few minutes . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Anita , Remind me to mobilize the group tomorrow for the occasion . Vince
Pam , Thanks , Yes , I need the E-mail addresses as well . Vince
FYI Vince
Adam , We shall invite you for an exploratory interview . Vince
Shirley , Please , invite Jacob for an exploratory interciew . Vince
Shirley , Please , register me Vince
Sorry for a delay in getting back to you . I have one challenge I did not anticipate when I talked to you the first time about our Real Options internal seminar . The materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the materials outside Enron . Please , give me some time to find out if I can work around this issue . Vince
Thanks . Please , keep me posted about your progress . Any published papers ? We shall send you the printout . Vince
Greg , This is the agenda for the recruiting trip to Stanford next week . Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , It's an IT request for Sandeep . Please , help . Vince
Yes , it's perfect . Please , indicate that the wording was unfortunate . Vince
Norma , Any progress on the Green Card for Sevile ? Vince
Shirley , Yes . Vince
It did not work ( start/programs/infobase/fea 2.0.) . It looks for a file on my C: drive . Vince
Rebecca , I share some of your concerns regarding Mr . Sud . He is retired and he chose to contact us rather indirectly ( or on the spur of the moment) . I understand that things are done differently in different cultures but I did not meet him and could not form my judgment based on personal observations . However , the information he gave us seems to be too important not to convey to you and not to act upon . Vince Kaminski
Anita , Done . Vince
Sam , Looks fine . I amy have a few small changes on Monday . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Sam , Minor corrections . Vince
Do you see an intraday bottom ? Vince
Dave , Thanks . I shall join you there . Vince
Valery , Thanks for the invitation . What is the time frame ? I shall be traveling extensively in March . Vince
Celeste , We shall be happy to take him as an intern ( summer asociate) . Vince
I encourage everybody very strongly to join other Enron employees at this event . It's a great opportunity to contribute to the growth of our city and to make sure that Enron is not embarrassed if other energy companies show up in strength . Vince
Giuseppe The dinner is scheduled , as I have mentioned , to you at 7:00 p.m . Wednesday at Il Fornaio , Canaletto Room . Both you and Eric are welcome to join us . Vince
Marshall , We shall call him on Wednesday after 2:30 . Vince
Marshall , A number of my associates . The names are to be determined . Vince
Jeff , I fully support Sandeep's request to move Anshuman Srivastav to Houston . I anticipate that we shall be working on Dhabol related issues for the next two years until all the business problems are successfully resolved . Anshuman is a very capable employee , with the right combination of skills to attack the Dhabol modeling challenge . He understands the Indian markets as well as international fuel markets . He has also a very good grasp of power industry fundamentals and of the technology used at the Dhabol power plant . Vince
Norma , I would like to proceed on two fronts with Sevile ( both H1 visa and the Green Card . I shall rather work hard to keep my employees happy here than try to attach them to the job through immigration arrangements . They can see through such arrangements and it de-motivates them . Vince
Dear Professor Huntington , Thursday 10 a.m . works for me . Please , let me know where I can meet you . I am attaching my itinerary , so that you can contact me if necessary My cell phone number is 713 410 5396 . Vince Kaminski
Dear Subroto , Thanks for your message . Here is my information: Vince
Please , call Duane with the info . Vince
Duane , I shall be traveling for the rest of the week but my colleague Dr . Zimin Lu will call you to talk about different structures . Vince
CAn you please call him ( exploratory interview) . Vince
Nick , My trip to Stanford is on . I shall be glad to meet on Thursday for dinner . You can reach me at my cell Vince
Shirley , Please , forward tot he group . Vince
Barbara , Sorry to have missed the dinner . I had to work on Sunday to prepare for my trip to London this week . I called Jeff about it and he said that he would let you know . Vince
John and Krishna , I am sending you an outline of a conference at Stanford on topics related to demand-side pricing and management in the power markets . Please , let me know if you are personally interested and who else in your respective organizations would like to attend . Vince
Sam , Yes , please go around and solicit contributions . You can use my name . Vince Enron North America Corp .
David , FYI Vince
Krishna , Please , confirm with Hill Huntington . Vince
David , I think we should follow the developments and adjust our processes to avoid legal exposures . I heard that Microsoft was hit with a $5 billion suit related to alleged discrimination through the rankinprocess . Vince
Yes , I hope they will do OK tomorrow . Thanks for the tip . Vince
Any comments ? Vince
Mark , FYI . Any decisions regarding our involvement with John ? Vince
Lonny , My phone number is 713 853 3848 . In London this week , I shall come back next week . Vince
Shirley , Please , put it on my calendar . Vince
Molly , Stinson Gibner is the best person to interview Mark . Vince
FYI , Please , check with Shirley . Vince
Tanya , Please , look into it . Vince
Greg , Two things I did not manage to mention to you at the meeting on Monday . 1 . Joe Carson . I was very positively impressed by Joe Carson . Enron badly needs a senior economist of his stature and experience . He has many contacts in the industry and can represent Enron well . He is very pragmatic and , also , I expect a cool head on old shoulders . One negative is that he wants to work out of New York . The tradeoff is between maintaining his contacts and working closer with the desks . 2 . Tony Mends . I think you , or Louise , should explore the possibility of using the skills of Tony Mends . Tony and I are good friends so I may be biased . I think that he is a very smart and efficient person and can contribute a lot to the organization that relies on processing huge volumes of information . Vince
Jim , Thanks a lot . Sorry for a delay in responding to your message . March 29 works for me and I shall ask Shirley Crenshaw to call you and agree on the time . I am in London without access to my calendar . Vince
Damon , I am in London this week . Please , call me at 713 853 3848 next week , starting Thu . Vince
I sent E-mail msg from the plane . Vince
Tom , Sounds great . There are some professors at UT who worked on automated trading systems . I shall review my files and try to locate the paers they sent me . Vince
Madre , Thanks for your message . I was at the meetings all the time . Vince
Please contact Krishnarao Pinnamaneni or Osman Sezgen . Vince
Can we invite Maureen Raymond (  a member of the Research Group currently in London to dinner) ? Vince
Bryan , FYI Vince
Shirley , Yes . No problem . Vince
Sorry for a delay in responding to you . I am currently in London , flying back to Houston tomorrow . The problem is not with the lawyers . We worked on our presentation materials together with a professor from another university and we agreed to use these materials only internally . We have to honor our commitment to him . I am sure that this is exactly what you would have expected from us if we had made a similar commitment to you . Vince
David , I shall be in the office tomorrow ( Fri ) afternoon . I am working with Maureen here to get some ammunition regarding the Korean economic conditions and prospects . Vince
The answer to the 1st question is yes . The project list is fine with me and is still valid . We are an organization driven by the needs of our internal customers . I shall froward your message to the person in EBS . Hopefully , we shall get a positive response . Vince
Martin , Please , take a look at Question 3 . Who is the right person at EBS ? Vince
Shirley , Please , register me . Vince
Mike , This one is very good . I am afraid we shall have a few employees left after this test . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Ken I shall E-mail you in an hour or two if I have any comments . Shirley has my cell phone number . Vince
Ken , It seems that there may be an Internet bias as well ( more affluent and educated households are on-line) . One solution: develop a control group . Arm-twist clerical employees of the School to fill out the questionnaire and also ask them to provide the questionnaire to their friends and families . Vince
Hill , Yes , I think it can be done . I am in London right now and I shall come back next week Thursday . Please , give me call about it . Vince
Martin , Thanks . Vince
John , Here are the addresses: Vince
John , No problem . I look forward to it . Vince
John , Yes , I did . Looks great . Vince
Martin Please , refer John directly to Jinbaek Kim and his academic advisor . Vince
No problem . Vince
Julie , I shall track down Fiona . She may be on vacation . Vince
Thanks . I took a quick look at the spreadsheet and I agree with your approach . I shall spend more time looking at it over the weekend and if I see a problem I shall call you on Monday . Vince
Bernard , My coordinates: Yes , we are going into a very interesting summer both here and in the UK . Vince
Darrell , I shall send youan explanation later today or Monday . Vince
Darrell , I am sending you 2 technical notes on Enron default swaps: I hope that they will be useful . I shall read the articles on weekend . I am curious if you find these explanations satisfactory . We are very slow in preparing a number of technical documents for you for model reviews . We still hope you will be able to find some time to review our credit models ( for our London credit trading ) and VaR and option pricing related models . Also , please check your invoices . I still think we owe you money . Vince
Cathy , I shall appreciate 4 tickets , any day . I shall use them internally as a token of appreciation for the members of my group . Vince
Shirley , Please , register me for this . Vince
Shirley , FYI Vince
To confirm our conversation: Please , go ahead and buy a copy . Vince
Jim , I shall contact Althea and make sure Rusty meets with the Research Group members . Vince
I shall forward her resume to the principal of my son's old high school and give it to my neighbor who is a teacher at CISD . Vince
Any recommendations ? Vince
password: ITALIA Please note your account 00235424-0015
Can you , please , review this Newsletter article . I had to put something together rather quickly last night . Vince
Molly , Thanks . You are the most dependable person in Enron . Vince
Dave , Thanks for the invitation . I shall be glad to join you at the dinner and on Saturday . I shall come alone: my wife will stay with my son in California till June ( my son graduates this spring from college) . I shall remind Andy Fastow about NFCF . Vince
John , The phone number for Ken Lay is ( 713 ) 853-6773 . My recommendation is to call Mark Palmer first and discuss the book with him . His recommendation will open the door . I shall mention this to him as well . Mark's phone number is ( 713 ) 853-4738 . Vince
Iris , I wrote an endorsement for his book on real options ( it was on the cover under Jeff Skilling's name) . Let's invite him to the Thursday lunch . Vince
Paul , We have done a lot of work in this area . I shall call you later today ( Monday my time) , Tuesday morning your time with some recommendations . Vince P.S . Shirley , please send a Real Options binder to Paul . Vince
Iris , Please , check with Shirley . She keeps my calendar up to date . Also , we got a 2nd desk for you with the credit group on the 23rd floor . You can divide your time bet the 19th floor and the 23rd floor to stay in touch with the business unit . Please , check with Vasant and he will introduce you to the credit team here in Houston ( Jeff Kinneman , Craig Chaney) . Also , please plan for a trip to London in 3-4 weeks . Vince Vince
Kathie , Thanks for the reminder . I have forwarded the article to my home address and I shall review it tonight . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Darrell , Thanks . I am beating up on my group to accelerate preparation of documentation for the audit . Vince
Cathy , Yes , I shall be glad to use a few tickets for my group as a token of appreciation . How many can you spare ? Vince
Randall , The person supporting EBS in the Research Group is Martin Lin . I shall ask him to give you a call and will be glad to join you at the meeting with Martin . Vince
Iris , Did you receive the documentation from Ben ? I could not open his attachment . Vince
FYI
Can we meet with David Port on Thu 2:30 to review Raptors ? Vince
Cathy , Thanks . In order of priority: Fridays ( 20 , 27) , Apr 25 , 24,23 . Vince
Please , help me to decide whom we would like to interview and whom we can send to IT . Vince
Karen , Yes , but I think it's confidential . Please , contact David Port about the release possibility . Vince
Alex , Is this meeting already scheduled ? Vince
Kate , I was traveling recently . I shall evaluate the resume together with my associates and will get back to you Thursday . I shall be glad to meet you on the 13th . Vince
Jeff , The newsletter is addressed to a wide audience in Enron , not exclusively one group . We are providing forward interest rate foreign exchange curves to multiple units of Enron to revalue our assets . Maureen and Gwen spend of lot of time answering questions regarding countries like Argentina , Korea , Brazil , etc . The newsletter can be used as a reference in answering many of those questions . Vince
Lance , Any comment ? Vince
Please enroll me and Lance and Martin . Vince
Shirley , Please , subscribe . Vince
We have a coppy of Adobe on the 32nd floor . Sam Smith . Vince
Shirley , Please fix the time with her . Vince
Chris , E hired Tony to support Global Markets but Jeff Shankman decided that , given highly specialized nature of his work it makes sense to put him in the Research Group , with a dotted line to Mike Roberts who is running our weather group . Given that his work will directly and exclusively benefit GM , it makes sense for Research to charge his expenses to Global Markets . We can adjust allocations to reflect his contributions to different sub-units of GM . Tony spent the last few weeks in Houston training for his position in London with Mike Roberts . We are very excited about the prospect of working with him . Vince
Martin , Let me read it Friday . We run our papers by our PR department to review for any potential conflict with the company line . I shall fwd it to them . I think you should submit it as an Enron employee with a note that it was developed when you were at UT . Vince
Ken , I may miss this meeting . Go ahead with the meeting anyway . I shall join you in progress . Christie is coming at 1:30 to meet the students and talk to me . I can talk to her for a few minutes and then we can meet the team around 2:00 . Vince
Shirley , He will have to pay the rent . Vince
Mike FYI Vince
Anita , Mu organizer seems to be tied up ( not responding) . Please , see if you have access to it . Vince
Cathy , I got them . Thanks . Vince
Scott , Thanks . My HR people should we get in touch with you . We gave them the names of candidates we are interested in and they will send the others to the IT group for consideration . Vince
Alex , This is Marek's resume . Look forward tot he dinner on the 14th of May . Vince
Alexander Eydeland
Can you ask a lawyer to review it ? Vince
I have approved Iris' request for SPSS ( reluctantly) . It makes sense for her to use SPSS when she works for London ( it would require more effort to move data bet the systems than the cost of SPSS) . I don't like proliferation of systems , however . Vince
Susan , Thank you for your message . I shall be glad to meet with you on May the 4th . I shall ask my assistant , Shirley Crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to set up the meeting . Also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to coordinate Enron's relationships with the universities . The person running this unit is Christie Patrick . Please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . I shall coordinate the meeting on May the 4th with her . Vince Additional information re Christie: Email: christie_patrick@enron.com
The recommendation has been taken care of . Vince
Marcus , I have this paper buried at home among other electricity related papers . I shall look for it this weekend . Vince
Marshall , Sorry for a delay in responding to you . My HR people were asked to get in touch with you re the candidates . Vince
Shi-Jie Deng Assistant Professor School of ISyE Georgia Institute of Technology Office Phone: ( 404 ) 894-6519 E-mail: deng@isye.gatech.edu Home page:
Paul , I am sending you modified bullet points . The modifications are in red . Apologies for a delay in responding to your messages . By the way , Power2001 gets only more and more interesting every day . Vince
Mark , This is the sound clip I mentioned . Vince
Susan , Thanks . It makes sense to call Christie and explain the objectives of your visit in May . Vince
Christie , FYI . A message I received from Stanford . Vince
FYI Vince
Michael , Thanks . I should be interested in the materials from the meeting . Vince
Martin , I don't see any problem . The article supportsEnron's position . Please , go ahead . Vince
I am working systematically through un-answered messages . Yes , I shall be delighted to meet your friend . Vince
I spoke with Norma about getting a special reward for Sevil , in lieu of bonus . Please , send to Norma the list of projects Sevil worked on . Vince
On behalf of Enron Corp . I would like to invite you to an ALP Project presentation by a group of students of Jesse H . Jones Graduate School of Management , Rice University . The students will present the results of a research project regarding electronic trading platforms in the energy industry . The presentation will be held on May 7 , at 4:00 p.m . at Enron , 1400 Smith . We would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation . Vince Kaminski
Sorry , trying again . I probably got a wrong E-mail address and the original message was returned . Vince Kaminski
Dave , I bumped into Andy at a restaurant and reminded him about the conference and told him how much Rice would be delighted to have as a participant/speaker . Please , keep trying . I think it's you against his wife . Vince
Christie , This is one of the communications regarding Rice CFOs conference . Andy requires some gentle persuasion . Vince
More on the CFOs conference . Vince
Christie More on the Rice CFOs conference . They want to get Andy Fastow as a speaker/participant . Vince
Keith , It was a great pleasure to work you with on this project . The entire Enron team was impressed by the quality of the students and commitment of the School to exploring new and creative ways of exposing students to business problems . Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , Please , let Rice invitees know . Vince
FYI Vince
Anne , Vasant sent this information to Norma . I shall fwd his message to you . Vince
Julie , I signed the request for a check today . Vince
Joan , Thanks . I would appreciate the full report . Vince
Anne , Thanks . Vince
Krishna , Any update on payments to Stanford ? We can ask for a letter to requesting a donation . I would use it as a basis for cutting a check . Please , talk to Hill about it . Vince
Howard , Sorry for the delay . I shall be able to get back to you next week . A very interesting new research idea came up and we have to close a few loops internally . Vince
John , Thanks . Vince
Christie , What about the invitation to dinner for Gillis and Whitaker ? Vince
Shirley , Paulo and Zimin . Vince
Would you like to attend the presentation and join me for lunch with WEFA . Any other suggestions re attendance . Please , let Shirley know . Vince
Mike , Thanks for the invitation . See you on Friday , April the 27th . Vince
FYI Vince
David , During today's VaR coordination meeting we had a discussion of issues related to mapping of the forward price curves into core locations . Mapping is a necessity dictated by the limitations of the computer system: we have to reduce the dimensionality of the problem to stay within the bounds of available CPU memory . Also , in some cases the quality of price discovery is poor and it's difficult to model the price curves independently: we solve the problem by mapping them into more liquid and better behaved core locations curves . We have agreed on the following: 1 . Winston will investigate the IT side and determine to what extent we can increase the number of forward price curves that are simulated as basic ( core ) curves . He will investigate the impact of a larger number of the core curves on the time required to complete the VaR run . 2 . The curves associated with the biggest 10-20 positions in each commodity should be modeled as core curves ( i.e . no mapping into other locations) . It makes sense to monitor the biggest risks separately and avoid aggregating them into less transparent aggregates . 3 . The results of an automated clustering ( mapping ) procedures should be systematically monitored by a human and corrected if they misrepresent the risks of the trading positions . This responsibility should be vested with one person ( right now the responsibility is dispersed through the organization and this means in practice that nobody is responsible) . Research can allocate one person to this task; cooperation of trading and RAC will be critical . Vince
This is the list of projects for the members of the "quant" team . If you are working on different project , please , ignore this message . Please , develop in a spreadsheet solutions/examples for the following: 2 . Black's formula 3 . Develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using: a . GBM b . GBM + jump ( Formula 2.16 in the book , Figure 2.7 ) c . Mean reversion + jump ( Formula 2.17 , Figure 2.8 ) 4 . Schwartz Single Factor Model ( Formula 6.12 ) 5 . Develop models corresponding to the Figures 7.1 , 7.3 , 7.5 , 7.6 , 7.8 Vince
Laura DeShazer OIL & GAS JOURNAL ONLINE; 800.874.1510 phone 918.831.9120 fax
Any interest ? Vince
Julie , Thanks . It feels awesome to have so much power . Vince
Helyette can be reached at 413 549 5071 and Geman@math.umass.edu . Vince
Jim , CHARM looks more like a prototype that requires a lot of work to make it more a production tool . We have developed a similar model ( without some nice functionalities CHARM has ) in about two weeks , at request of Rick Jones who joined EES from HSB . Rick worked on a similar model at his old company and wanted to have a similar tool for his projects with Enron . I can tell you more about it when we meet ( hopefully ) later this week . I would tell Willis that the model requires more work before Enron can consider it as commercial product . Vince
Hi Paula , Thanks for the invitation . I have already accepted an invitation from my neighbors . I shall stop by to deliver the card ( or maybe I should wait till it covers the next graduation) . Vince
Christie , What about the invitation to dinner for Gillis and Whitaker ? Vince
Tom , We play as a group from time at the West U location . Would you like to take lead and organize another outing . Family members are invited and we order a BBQ lunch following the game . Vince
Shirley , Paulo and Zimin . Vince
Tom , Stinson can give you info about West U . Shirley about catering , Wew did it twice and it's a standard routine by now . Vince
Julie , You have more luck than myself . I called a few times and left messages on her voice mail . Vince
Christie , Great! ! You think big . It also puts a lot of pressure on the students . Vince
Angelika , Thanks for the invitation . Yes , I shall be glad to attend and repeat the same presentation . Vince
Mike , Thanks for the invitation . See you on Friday , April the 27th . Vince
FYI Vince
Laura DeShazer OIL & GAS JOURNAL ONLINE 800.874.1510 phone 918.831.9120 fax
Any interest ? Vince
Julie , Thanks . It feels awesome to have so much power . Vince
Helyette can be reached at 413 549 5071 and Geman@math.umass.edu . Vince
Confirmed Vince Kaminski "Energy News Live Daily Update Confirmation from Lyris ListManager" PM Please respond to "Energy News Live Daily Update Confirmation from Lyris
FYI Vince
Angelika . Yes . Vince
Thanks . Please,send me your updated resume as well . Vince
Molly , Thanks a lot . I am very glad about Jinbaek . Vince
Confirmed Vince Kaminski
FYI Vince
Angelika . Yes . Vince
Molly , We would like to hire this person for the summer ( standard offer) . Thanks . Vince Thanks . Please,send me your updated resume as well . Vince
Molly , Thanks a lot . I am very glad about Jinbaek . Vince
Vasant , Please , take a look at this eresume . Vince
Molly , We would like to bring this student as a summer intern ( the last one , we are running out of space) . I shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates . Thanks . I hope you have a very Happy Easter . Vince
David , Thanks for the invitation . I shall check my schedule on Monday and will get back to you regarding the conference . I hope you will a very Happy Easter . Vince
Vasant , Please , take a look at this eresume . Vince
I think you can easily find this information on Internet . Vince
Shirley , Please register me for this . Vince
Gina , I shall be glad to speak with you . Shirley Crenshaw will call you to set up a meeting . Vince
Any action on this ? Vince
Dear Mr . Ray , I regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend the Power Systems Engineering Research Center's upcoming Industrial Advisory Board meeting in Oak Brook . Our work load does not leave us much time to get involved with PSERC at this moment . We would very much like to stay in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this year . Vince Kaminski
Elena , Please , prepare for Mulong NG and power price series . We can use Henry Hub for NG , Cinergy , Cobb and PV for electricity . We can send him NG price right away . Electricity prices are different: he has to obtain permission from FT ( Megawatts Daily) . I shall cc you on my msg to him . Vince
We shall send you natural gas Henry Hub prices right away . Please look at the last winter and the winter of We shall prepare for you the electricity price information ( Cinergy , Cobb and Palo Verde ) but you have to approach FT ( the publishers of Megawatts Daily , a newsletter that produces the price index we recommend using ) and request the permision to use the data . We are not allowed to distribute this information . Please , explain that this is for academic research and that we can produce the time series for you , conditional on the permission from the publishers of Megawatts Daily . Vince Kaminski
A reminder . Vince
Eugenio , Thanks for the invitation . Can we reschedule the dinner ? I shall be in San Antonio on Friday . Vince
Thanks . Vince
I think you can easily find this information on Internet . Vince
Shirley , Please register me for this . Vince
Any action on this ? Vince
Althea , I was trying to get in touch with this guy . Did he contact you by any chance ? He missed the interviews on the campus . Vince
A reminder . Vince
Thanks . Vince
Anita , Please ask Lance and Martin . Vince
Tomas , Thanks . Vince
Anita , Please ask Lance and Martin . Vince
Tomas , Thanks . Vince
FYI Vince
Andy , Sounds good . One comment: Vasant is swamped with work coordinating several high profile projects . Bob is very productive and thorough and will get a lot of support internally from other members of the group: this contribution may not be directly visible but it will be still very important . We appreciate your hands-on involvement . It's always the most important condition of a successful project to have direct and frequent interaction with the customer . Look fwd to working on this project . Vince
Let's chat about it . Vince
FYI Vince
Anita OK Vince
Molly FYI Vince
Shirley , Did we renew it ? Vince
Steve , I submitted my evaluation . General impression was rather negative: he seems to be a consultant type person who speaks about everything with confidence but is short on depth and technical details . He is personable , outspoken , organized - on the positive side . Also , the red flag is that he jumps from job to job: typical after 18-24 months when any organization can ascertain his usefulness . Vince
FYI Vince
Let's chat about it . Vince
Anita , Please , FedEx to him the book plus reprints of my papers . Shirley knows where they are . Vince FYI Vince
Anita OK Vince
Molly FYI Vince
Shirley , Did we renew it ? Vince
It seems we have to help them . Can Kate help on this project ? Vince
Shirley , Please , put it on my calendar . Vince
Anne , Thanks . Vince
Althea Great news . It's all your hard work . Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , FYI Vince
Kevin , Stinson is looking into it . I shall get back to you later today after I check with him . Vince
It seems we have to help them . Can Kate help on this project ? Vince
Osman , This guy is too much . I would tell him that we understand that he has to make the best choice for himself and can change his mind but at this point we treat his decision as final but we still appreciate the interest he showed in Enron . We never had any luck hiring a statistician . Maybe we shall get one some day . Vince
Shirley , Please , put it on my calendar . Vince
Anne , Thanks . Vince
Althea Great news . It's all your hard work . Vince
Iris , Can you forward me the attachments to this message . I cannot open them . Vince
FYI Vince
Grant , Tuesday or Wednesday would work . Please , call me in the morning or at home tonight ( 281 ) 367 5377 . Alternatively , we could have breakfast . Vince
Shirley , FYI Vince
Looks fine . Vince
Any recommendations . Please , let me know ASAP . Vince
Christie , I am forwarding you a message I have received from the University of Houston . Can you help them ? We have a very good relationship with the UoH . Vince
Iris , We can mention to Ben that the papers will be edited and combined into a coherent review . Vince
Michele , Friday morning would work better for me . Vince Shirley , Please , register me for this . Vince
He keeps bugging us about it . Any thoughts what we should do ? Vince
Jim , I shall be glad to talk to them . Vince
I am teaching a class at Rice and one of my very bright students sent her resume in response to this posting . Do you know who posted this job ? Vince Kaminski
David , I can ask our CEO John Sherriff . Please , let me know by 10:00 a.m . Central Time , Wednesday . Vince
Pam , Please , let me know how I can submit the grades . I gave my students April the 30th as a deadline to submit their reports and I shall be able to send you the grades by May the 4th . Is E-mail OK ? Vince
Shirley , I probably asked you about it already . I want to renew . Vince
Looks fine . Vince
Any recommendations . Please , let me know ASAP . Vince
Aisha , The person to contact is Christie Patrick who is in charge our University Relations Office . Her E-mail address is: christie_patrick@enron.com . I shall forward your message to Ms . Patrick . Vince
Shirley , Please , register me for this . Vince Michele , Friday morning would work better for me . Vince
David , I regret to inform you I am unable to attend the conference due to previous commitments . Would you consider a speakers form our London office ? Vince He keeps bugging us about it . Any thoughts what we should do ? Vince
It's OK to delay the materials for Duffie . He is very busy anyway and is not going to complain . Vince
I gave my slot to Zimin . We are organizing a group with RAC to send a few people to this conference at a discount to full cost . Vince
Jim , I shall be glad to talk to them . Vince
Shirley , I probably asked you about it already . I want to renew . Vince
Helen , FYI . Vince
Michelle , FYI Vince
Steve , I talked to Mike about taking you out to dinner sometimes next week . Let's close the loop on this on Friday . Vince
Thanks . Let's contact Wharton next week . Vince
Martin , I can join the car pool . Vince
Please , make sure you provide this information ASAP . Vince
Mike , The later hour works perfectly for me . Vince
Diane , Thanks Vince
I left a message for Michael . He is on vacation . Vince
David , I talked to JS . His PR person in London will contact you . Vince
Helen , FYI . Vince
Michelle , FYI Vince
Tom , We are currently space constrained but we shall always take a qualified candidate . Please , ask George to send me a resume and we shall get in touch with him to arrange a phone/on-location interview . Vince
Thanks . Let's contact Wharton next week . Vince
Anita , Two weeks I mentioned was just to indicate an approximate duration of the stay . I would leave the final decision to Iris , in coordination with Vasant and Amitava , based on the business need . One week , with the possibility of extension if necessary is fine . Vince
Martin , I can join the car pool . Vince
Molly , We can pay for the plane ticket . We have to make sure that we shall extend the same treatment to other summer interns to avoid bad feelings . Vince
Please , make sure you provide this information ASAP . Vince
Mike , The later hour works perfectly for me . Vince
Diane , Thanks Vince
I left a message for Michael . He is on vacation . Vince
David , I talked to JS . His PR person in London will contact you . Vince
Steve , That would be great . Vince
Martin , Works for me . Vince Shirley , Please , put on my schedule .
Osman , Thanks . Vince
Brian , No problem . Vince
Mike , I am sending you a message regarding a potential candidate . Please , take a look at him and see if he fits better our group or Mark Tawney's group . Vince
FYI Vince
Glenn , Please , contact Rudi Zipter to set up an interview with him and David Port . Vince
Mark , I left you a message regarding The National Forum on Corporate Finance at Rice . They would be delighted if you could serve as a panel member at this conference . Here are the coordinates of the professor at Rice who is in charge . I would appreciate if you could call him and let him know if you can attend . Thanks . Vince Prof . David Ikenberry Jones Graduate School of Management Rice University
Steve , Not a bad move for NEM . I got it at 17.5 when the option was exercised against me . Vince
Steve , That would be great . Vince
Martin , Works for me . Vince Shirley , Please , put on my schedule .
Osman , Thanks . Vince
Brian , No problem . Vince
Heather , I am forwarding this message to 2 groups in Enron that may be interested . Vince
FYI Vince
Joe , We are extremely pleased with the support we receive from your team . The problem was fixed very quickly . Vince
FYI Vince
Dennis , Thanks for you message . I shall send you more information regarding the dinner later this week . Christie Patrick , who is in charge of our university liaison unit , is making arrangements for the evening at the Enron Field . Hopefully , we shall be able to combine dinner with a game . Vince
Anne , Thanks . Shirley is checking my calendar and will call you about the schedule . The entire week of the 11th does not look good for me . Vince
Peter , I forwarded your resume with my recommendation to two senior executives in our Transportation and Storage Group . Vince
I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems . Peter is looking currently for a job . I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston . The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel . Please , let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to executives in your organization . I shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview . Vince Kaminski
Iris , Tom Gros is the person who can help . Vince
Anita , Please , catch me tomorrow to talk about it . Vince
What do you think ? He may be expensive . Vince
FYI Vince
Dale , Please , call me on Tuesday . My morning schedule is full but I am open in the afternoon . Vince
Iris , Tom Gros is the person who can help . Vince
Anita , Please , catch me tomorrow to talk about it . Vince
What do you think ? He may be expensive . Vince
Mike , We are short manpower in London . We shall try to evaluate the software in Houston . Vince
Please , send the resume to me . Vince
Dale , I can reserve 2 to 2:30 time slot but there is really not much that I can tell you at this point . The commercial groups are still interested and are moving towards the test of the package . As soon as they will decide to move ahead , we ( Research ) shall be involved , helping to evaluate the product . As I have said , we are not the decision makers in this case . I think that we should allow simply the process to run its course . Vince
Frank , Yes . Vince
Dave , Did you call Mark Koening ? He expected your call as of Fri noon when he left a message on my voice mail . Vince
What is the top grade at Rice: A ? Vince
A good idea . I shall forward it to the AG traders . Vince
Kim , I talked to Dale early this morning and suggested that we meet during his next trip to Houston when we decide on timing of our project . Vince
Please , put on my schedule . Vince
Molly , Kim Watson would like us to bring Jacob for another interview . We can do it later this week . Vince Vince
I agree . Vince
Shirley , Transmission is my 1st choice . Vince
Jason , Yes , I cannot open it . Vince FYI Vince
Stuart , I cannot open your attachment . Vince Kaminski
Pam , The term papers arrived at my Internet mailbox . I shall be sending you the information as I make progress reading the papers . First group of students: Helen Demianenko Javier Lamas Lynn Nazareth Shauywn Smith Carlos Wheelock Sarah Woody Grade: A Please , confirm receipt of this message and please double check that all registered students have been graded ( to make sure no student falls through the cracks) . Vince Christie , Shirley reserved room 49C1 for Monday 4:00 p.m . presentation . Can you issue the formal invitation to our guests with the game/dinner details ? I don't have all the details regarding the Enron Field box and time . I am out most of the day on Wednesday but we can discuss the details on Thursday . Hope to see you on Saturday at the concert . Vince
Michelle , The name of the DB Administrator for Enpower is Charlene Fricker , 5-3487 . Alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve . I think it's a problem many layers below Gary Hickerson's level of responsibility and I hope we can handle it without using his valuable time . Vince
Phillip , How can I install new programs on my laptop , without the administrator's privileges ? One example: when I travel I use AOL to get access to my mail and to communicate with the office . Windows 2000 does not allow me to install it . Also , I have my private statistical software I often use when I work at night during business trips . I would like to load it as well . Vince
Stuart , I have difficulties opening the attachment . Please , resend as a . doc file or a . pdf file . Vince
Please , send the resume to me . Vince
Frank , Yes . Vince
What is the top grade at Rice: A ? Vince
A good idea . I shall forward it to the AG traders . Vince
Please , put on my schedule . Vince
I agree . Vince
Shirley , Transmission is my 1st choice . Vince
FYI Vince Jason , Yes , I cannot open it . Vince
Stuart , I cannot open your attachment . Vince Kaminski
Shirley , Please , arrange a phone interview with Richard . Vince
Philip , Thanks . You are the best . Vince
Shirley , Please , set up a meeting with me , Nelson and Vasant . Vince
Shirley , Please , make sure that I follow up on this . Vince
Shirley , Please , put it on my schedule . Vince
Layla , My associate's name is Tanya Tamarchenko . The E-mail address is: tanya.tamarchenko@enron.com . Location is the same as mine , Enron , 1400 Smith , Houston . Thanks Vince P.S . Shirley , please send my bio to Layla
Anne , Thanks for contacting me about this . As a matter of fact , I wanted to talk to you about it today as this matter was outstanding for a long time . I think we should go ahead and adjust Gwen to manager , effective March 1 . The compensation would be her current base plus 10K . This is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a manager . Such promotions take place in March and I think Gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management ( i.e . my and Maureen's procrastination) . On unrelated and more serious matter . Gary Hickerson is the primary client for Maureen's services . He communicated to me a few weeks ago that he is unwilling to underwrite Maureen's position ( he is in general unhappy with her contribution) . This means that Maureen will have to find another sponsor or leave Enron . Given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal customer will be quite a challenge . Gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to Maureen from his budget . I would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes . Vince
Gwyn , Yes , please go ahead and get a resume book from SAIS . Vince
Let's talk about it . It seems like an open personality clash developing for the first time in the history of the group . Vince
FYI Vince
Gwyn , Try to reduce the number of potential candidates to 3 , before I shall get involved . Also , I contacted HR regarding your promotion . The process has started . Vince
Shirley , Please , renew my membership . Vince
Pam , Another team: Elena Chilkina Joseph Helms Kenneth Jett Todd Litton MarK Westmoreland Grade: A- Vince Kaminski
This is a project related to automated trading platforms for commodities . Vince
Shirley , Please , arrange a phone interview with Richard . Vince
Kristin , Thanks a lot for the resume . We shall arrange a phone interview with Richard . This is out standard procedure . A phone interview is followed by the on-site interview , after we determine what is the best team to interview the candidate . Vince
Thanks for your message . We have a number of additional fascinating projects that you can work on . As a matter of fact , it would be great to have you here earlier . Vince
CALENDAR ENTRY: INVITATION Description: Cuthbert Roberts - Vince's office - EB1962 Date: 5/3/2001 Time: 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM ( Central Standard Time ) Chairperson: Vince J Kaminski Detailed Description:
Philip , Thanks . You are the best . Vince
Yes , I am aware of it . Thanks for letting me know who is the HR Rep in London . Vince
Shirley , Please , set up a meeting with me , Nelson and Vasant . Vince
Layla , A few points . I shall be glad to attend the reception . I am falling behind in getting my presentation ready . Sorry for the delay . I can commit to delivering the required number of copies on the day of my presentation ( or a day before) . I have done it on two occasions before ( Power 2000 and Power 1999): the copies were produced by our company Copy Center at no cost to you . My associate , Tanya Tamarchenko , is helping me with one aspect of the presentation and I would like her to deliver part of my speach . It's only fair to give her the credit when the credit is due . Is it OK to include her as an additional speaker ? Vince
Dorothy , No problem . Please , CC-mail me Tom's number . One of the members of the group has a PhD in computer science and he will join me for the call . Vince
Shirley , Please , make sure that I follow up on this . Vince
Shirley , Please , put it on my schedule . Vince
Gwyn , Yes , please go ahead and get a resume book from SAIS . Vince
Shirley , Please schedule an interview with Konstantin on May 8 . Stinson , Zimin , Alex , Tanya , Krishna , myself . Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , Please , renew my membership . Vince
This is a project related to automated trading platforms for commodities . Vince
When can we call this guy ? Vince
Ken Thanks for baby-sitting this . Vince
Pam , Another group: Stuart Hamel Jed Howard Brian Nelson Vince
resend Risk Desk
Shirley , I shall come . I shall bring a cake . I may be late , coming around 2:00 . I expect some people who will come to give me an estimate and they come when they come . Vince
John , Thanks . I got it . Vince
When can we call this guy ? Vince
Ken Thanks for baby-sitting this . Vince
Pam , Another group: Stuart Hamel Jed Howard Brian Nelson Vince
A quick update on the status of Sandeep Kohli . He is working currently in my group . He is available on a very short notice to help you with any quantitative modeling that can be required in making decisions regarding our DPC strategy . In case you need his help , he can also rely on the support of other members of my group with skills in different areas . Vince Kaminski
resend Risk Desk
John , Thanks . I got it . Vince
Sam , Yes , I will contribute . Vince Enron North America Corp .
Pam , Another term paper: John Ganguzza Grant Johnson Duane Maue Rishad Patel Eric van Stone Palo Yoshiuro Grade: A Please , confirm . Vince
Pam , The last group . Please , let me know if any name is missing . Grade: A Thanks a lot . It was a pleasure working with you . Vince Kaminski
Lance , I could not open the attachment . I concur with Vasant . We always face a challenge with summer interns: we don't want to expose them to too much information . We typically look for a self-contained project and limit intern's access to additional information . Vince
Sam , Yes , I will contribute . Vince Enron North America Corp . From: William Smith @ ENRON 05/04/2001 08:39 AM
Felix , Please , resend me the term papers of your group , each as a separate file . Please send it to my AOL address as well as work address . My AOL address is vkaminski@aol.com My home phone number is 281 367 5377 . Vince
Any interest in this conference ? Vince
No message attached . Nice to hear from you again . Vince
I shall talk about Vikas to our IT people . Can you send me his resume ? Vince
Mike , What do you think ? I see pro's and con's . The argument against is that during PRCs people comment positively or negatively about a person and this is how the word is spread about an employee . Tony could benefit from being in a London PRC . Vince
David , Sounds like a safe bet . Vince
Ken , Please , watch out . Vince
Ron , The resume of the Rice student I mentioned to you . Vince
This is a resume of one guy I met in Houston a few months ago . He comes across as a very bright and qualified individual . He is interested in a position in London . Who is the best person in London to forward the resume to ? Vince
Can you please take a quick look and fwd it to Sam Smith ( wsmith2@enron.com ) Vince
Any interest in this conference ? Vince
May 30 sounds good . I shall inform our HR department . I don't see any project I could get going with your advisor on such a short notice . When you come here you can determine in what area he could make the biggest contribution to Enron . I shall call or E-mail him independently and talk to him . Vince
No message attached . Nice to hear from you again . Vince
Francesca , It was nice meeting you in San Antonio . An article from FT on IPOs in case you missed it . Vince Kaminski
David , Sounds like a safe bet . Vince
Larry , I was thinking about the potential applications over the weekend and I think I shall have a proposal for you in a few days . Vince P.S . I want to remind you about the favor I asked you about . We would like to talk ( no commitments ) to the Prediction Company . Can you refer me to your friend . Vince
Ken , Please , watch out . Vince
Ron , The resume of the Rice student I mentioned to you . Vince
Bob , I shall be out on Wednesday but my associate , Krishnarao Pinnamaneni , will meet you at the scheduled time Vince
No problem . Vince
I regret to inform you that I have to decline your invitation due to prior commitments on the same days . Vince Kaminski
Billy , I would like you to ask for a favor for one of the Rice students , Pravas Sud . He is interested in a summer internship . His phone Vince P.S . A phone message explaining the special circumstances follows . It's very important for Enron .
Bridgett , It works . Thanks
Maria Teresa , Please , forward the message to Dr . Kloucek . Thanks . Dear Dr . Kloucek , I had a few problems with E-mail over the last few days ( migration to M/S Outlook) . I hope to be able to send my presentation in a few days . I shall be glad to speak at your seminar . Please , feel free to contact me at 713 853 3848 . Vince Kaminski
Kevin , Thanks . Shirley updated me this morning . I shall stop by to meet Alex on friday . Vince
Thomas , I shall send you two copies . Please , confirm the receipt when you receive the copies . Vince P.S . Shirley , please send 2 copies to Thomas .
Mike , Any thoughts ? Vince
Reddy , Thanks for your message . It would be quite difficult to work with you on telecommuting basis , given the type of work we do and the extent of integration of our team with the rest of the company . I shall be glad to explore with you other forms of cooperation Please , call me at 713 853 3848 . Vince
Jason , Thanks Vince
Bryan , I am trying to set up a conference call 30 minutes with Andy Kalotay . I worked with Andy at Salomon; he is now running his consulting firm in NYC and would like to talk to us about marketing a credit product he helped to develop . The info is attached below . Shirley will call you in the morning . Vince S&P Credit Indices S&P Credit Indices reflect daily movements in credit spread levels within two sectors of the U.S . bond market . S&P Credit Indices are quoted in basis points over the U.S . Treasury yield curve once daily . Credit spread movements within the investment grade spectrum are represented in the S&P U.S . Industrial Investment Grade Credit Index while movements within the speculative grade rating spectrum are captured in the S&P U.S . Industrial Speculative Grade Credit Index . Each credit index represents the distribution of U.S . corporate issues across different rating categories and subsectors . Re-balancing occurs regularly to ensure that the indices are composed of relevant issues with sufficient liquidity . Pricing information for the S&P Credit Indices' underlying securities is derived from a number of sources . Option adjusted spreads ( OAS ) are used as a proxy for nominal credit spreads in order to adjust for the presence of embedded options . Standard & Poor's utilizes the proprietary option adjusted spread model developed by Andrew Kalotay Associates , Inc . For a copy of our methodology please send us an e-mail with your name and mailing address . To download index history , please click here.For more information about S&P Credit Indices , including licensing opportunities , please call ( 877 ) 779-7724 or contact: Andrew I . Pedvis , CFA Director Diane Vazza Director
John , Sorry for the delay in responding to your message ( migration from NT to Windows 2000) . My presentation sits on my laptop and I need an hour to take care of Internet connection . The Power Point file should be sent to you in a few days . Vince
Warren , I shall be very glad to attend the conference . Please , let me know what is the topic you would like me to address . Vince Kaminski
John , The adddress that works is Vince.J . Kaminski@enron.com Vince
FYI Vince
FYI Vince
Wade , I am writing to ask you to help my associate , Krishnarao Pinnamaneni , who faces a very difficult personal situation . You probably remember Krishna from his visits to our Bombay office when he was helping you on a few projects . A brief outline of the facts . 1 . His wife is pregnant . She gave birth to their daughter , Pallavi , a few years ago after a very complicated pregnancy . Pallavi was a premature child and her survival was a miracle ( we all thank the Almighty for this wonderful child) . Current pregnancy is also very complicated . 2 . Krishna invited his in-laws to visit and stay with them to care for his wife . The application for a tourist visa was denied and the reason given for the denial was that they had overstayed the term of the visa during the previous visit . The irony is that they complied with the US laws: they had asked for an extension of the visa and the extension was granted . The company can , of course , intervene on Krishna's behalf . Krishna made an outstanding contribution to Enron ( he is currently a VP ) and to the American society . I am sure that Ken Lay would have no objections to write a letter on his behalf to the State Department . I would prefer , however , to try informal channels first to avoid confrontational approach . It may be better for all the involved in the long-run . I hope you can use your personal contacts to intervene on Krishna's behalf and ask for a reversal of the decision on humanitarian grounds . I shall fax to you a copy of the decision . Thanks . Vince
Krishna , I have already sent the letter . Vince
Christie , My movie picks for the weekend: 1 . Kids will love these movies: Gods Must Be Crazy , La Chevre , Johnny Stecchino 2 . More mature audience ( OK for the kids): Diva , A Letter to Three Wives ( classic , 1947 ) Enjoy Vince
Ken , We called Tom Limpers and talked about the services his company can offer to Enron . It seems that they don't have any great product sitting on the shelf . It's rather a group of university professors who are ready to offer their brain power to solve different problems of interest to potential customers . We talked about different potential projects and suggested in what ways they could demonstrate their problem solving skills before we go into more detailed discussions . They promised to get back to us in a few days . Vince
Thanks Vince
Jennie , I regret to inform you I am unable to speak at the conference due to earlier commitments . Vince
FYI Vince
Grant's Interest Rate Observer-5/11/01 Top of Form 1 Author: James Grant Contributor: Grant's Financial Publishing Inc Price: $35 Date: 05/11/2001 NOTE: Purchases can take up to a minute depending on internet traffic to verify your credit card . Research reports are available in Adobe Acrobat "PDF" format . Please make sure that your browser is correctly setup .  If you believe that your browser is setup correctly , you can test it by downloading the WSRN Test Document .  If your download fails try it again within the next 10 minutes and you will not be charged for the document again . If you still have problems check your Adobe setup and then send mail to the WSRN Billing Department Bottom of Form 1
Maya , Thanks for the invitation . I shall attend . Vince
Iris , Congratulations . Anne , please , include this info in Iris' file Vince
Wade , Thanks for your help . Krishna advised me of the conversation he had with you . Vince
FYI Vince Anne , Mike will call you regarding Sarah .
Jennifer , The materials were very useful and helped me to present better the position of Enron on the issue . There were some very interesting materials presented at the conference and I shall get the copies to you . Vince P.S . Shirley , Please remind me about it .
Steve , It will be my pleasure . Vince
Gwyn , No problem . Feel free to take time off to study and treat it as work at home . You can also expense the costs releated to the exam and the prep course . Vince
John , You can contact Prof . Ehud Ronn . Professor of Finance and Jack S . Josey Professor in Energy Studies Director , Center for Energy Finance Education and Research McCombs School of Business University of Texas at Austin Internet: eronn@mail.utexas.edu Vince
Paula , Thanks a lot . Will you drive on that day ? Vince
With delight . Vince
John , No problem . Please , let me know who I can talk to on your behalf . Vince
Paula , Thanks . 6:15 works for me . What is dress code at Sullivan's ? Vince
Received . Vince
Jennifer , Thanks . No , Fordham University in my case . Vince
Received . Thanks
Reddy , Please , keep trying . It's a trading operation and it's difficult for me to commit to a block of time in advance . Vince
Iris , Vince
Anne , For the time being it's fine . She will soon become an associate . Vince
Cassandra , This is an outline of the scope of the project on Enterprise Wide Risk Management . Vince
Anita No problem . I hope the results are OK . Vince
Confirmed Thanks Vince Kaminski
Jana , No problem . My apologies . My brain is aging fast . Vince
Cathy , I can take 4 tickets . Thanks . Vince
Cathy , Yes , I will take them . Vince
Steve , Thanks . I shall add to the length when DVN drops on the news of lower nat gas prices . Let's go out and eat ( moderately ) in a few weeks . Vince
Shirley Please send this info Michelle Vince
Andy , FYI Vince
Paula , No , I drove . Vince
John , Sounds interesting . I shall put July 27th on my calendar . Vince
Vince Kaminski Enron Corp . 1400 Smith
Jeff , Another indication of tensions in EC . Vince
A few comments on the state of our VaR models . The issues always become more controversial during the periods when vols and positions increase and I would like to share with you a few observations . 1 . Critical importance of a good risk management system to Enron ( and the P/E ratio) . A number of recent analysts' reports characterized Enron as a hedge fund engaged in massive directional trading and representing huge risks to investors . One way to counter this crirticism is to emphasize the quality of Enron's risk amnageemnt system and our strong risk amangeemnt culture . Our claims regarding the strong risk management technology and culture should be , however , supported by reality . It is critical that we continue to improve our risk management systems and also can convince the external parties ( stock analysts , creditors , credit rating agencies ) about the quality of our financial technology . This can be done through targeted disclosure of the elements of our technology , as we have done frequently in the past . by reality . 2 . Inputs from the trading desks vs . historical calibration . The VaR system used in Enron is based on the assumption that as much input information as possible should come from the market ( i.e . trading desks) , or should be calibrated to the market observations ( as opposed to historical data) . One immediate improvement: we should review inputs that are not based on the trading desks information and move , if possible , to replace them with market based , forward looking data . One should not assume , of course , that the information coming from the trading desks is perfect . One problem that is persistent in some portfolios is the disconnect between the posted forward vols curves and subsequent fluctuations in the forward prices curves . The forward vols curves should be relatively unbiased expectations of future realized forward price volati;oty . If this is not the case , back testing for some portfolios will systematically fail . One way to address the problem is to implement a module that compares systematically fwd vols posted by the trading desks with subsequent price movements . It will allow us to identify the source of problems we see in some books . 3 . VaR process management . Given the size of our trading operation , we are running a VaR factory , a system designed to produce timely risk assessment for all the portfolios . What is missing is the industrial type process that guarantees the quality of the results . Specifically , I am concerned about absence of one person vested with the responsibility for the model calibration . Right now this responsibility is dispersed in the organization and resides somewhere between the IT , RAC and Research . As a result we have inputs updated inconsistently and without proper quality controls . Some inputs used currently in the system are 2 years old . Another aspect of this problem is prioritization of different projects . In my view some recent modification to the system tied up IT resources and were of marginal usefulness ( and in some case on questionable understanding of mathematics) . Of course , I can be wrong but there is was no systematic process to bring these issues to the table , in a meeting involving all the concerned parties and
Dear Mr . Fink , I am sorry to decline the invitation due to prior commitments . Vince Kaminski
Vin , Plz , see if you can access this page: This allows to slect choices for PC and DS . Dad
Pavel , Let's meet for drinks before you head for the Big Apple . Vince
Liz , I can take one set , either today or tomorrow . Thanks . Vince
Pavel , Vince
FYI Vince
Liz , Thanks . Vince
Shirley . OK Vince
Call Grant about Tony
Eric , No problem . Vince
Great , I look forward to working with you . Please , call me during the next few days ( 713 ) 853 3848 and we can chat about the projects . Please , contact Molly Magee to talk about the first day orientation program . Her E-mail address is molly.magee@enron.com , and her phone number is Vince
Did I send it to you before ? Vince
Mark , I am going to give a presentation on risk management to Wharton Business Schools professors . Do we have a presentation about Enron ( January 2001 or the 1st quarter summary ) from which I could borrow a fee slides about Enron ? Vince
Please , contact Zimin Lu . Vince
Steve , No problem . I shall spend Friday working on reviews . Vince
Krishna , Should you go and Youyi go ? Vince
Alex , Data from Larry Thorne . Vince
Ron , Rakesh mentioned that there is an additional conditionality that will result in an adjustment of our valuation of the restrictions imposed on the forwards going into the Raptor vehicles . We were not aware of this conditionality at the time the project . We can , however , easily , incorporate it in our valuation model . This omission makes our valuation more conservative form the Enron's point of view . Please , let us know if this is required . Vince
Shirley , Please , ask her to E-mail this to both you and me . Vince
Mark , Thanks . I can always depend on a prompt response from you . Vince
Mike , Please , take a look Vince
Gary , He looks like a well qualified candidate but we receive hundreds of such resumes . The way to distinguish between different candidates is to ask the question: Did an individual make an effort and invested his time to learn things directly useful to Enron ? Given our work load , I would not accept a person who has general quantitative skills but expects that Enron will train him from ground zero in all other disciplines . We had recently a candidate who wrote a letter and complained about being asked questions about energy economics , finance , etc . during an interview . We can interview the candidate over the phone and see if he knows anything beyond math . Vince
Can you interview him over the phone ? Vince
Bob , Please , give me an advice . The students from Rice wrote a report about EOL from which we extracted this article . We can publish it in out internal research weekly newsletter but I would like to make sure that we don't cross the line . The newsletter is internal but somebody can always capture the screen and distribute it electronically outside Enron ( or get a hard copy) . Who else could help to review it ? Vince
Bjorn , I don't think the scope of the project is really that big . When we looked into it , it seemed like a relatively minor issue . To me , it's really a matter of routine maintenance that should not be an equivalent of a Desert Storm operation . Zimin and I will call Slava on Tuesday and determine what has to be done . Vince
We can sponsor one table . What do you think is the appropriate level of sponsorship ? Vince
Nelson , We can go to Memphis on Friday . I would discuss first with Gary and Elsa the scope of what we shall reveal . We can shoot ourselves in the foot if we reveal our pricing technology to consultants . Vince
This is the first draft based on what students from Rice working on a project produced . Of course , they were free to say what they thought . Our objective is to modify the article to such an extent that it can be a useful source of information about alternative electronic trading platforms in the energy industry . It would be only for internal consumption and it should be a useful source of information for Enron employees . Ken Parkhill from my group will work with you on editing this paper . Vince
We can sponsor a table at the FRIEND level . Vince
We can move the trip by one week . Vince
I have received it . Dad
Howard , Thanks for your message . Conference call on Tuesday at 4:30 EDT works for us . My assistant , Shirley Crenshaw , 713 853 5290 , will set up the conference call . Vince
This is the memo with some additions . Major changes are in magenta . Please , let's review it one more time . Vince
Tony , Great . Richard is a very important internal customer . Also , please keep in mind that for power trading in the UK and Europe winter is the most important season . We should be thinking about ramping up resources by then . Vince
Anita , No problem . I hope she is doing OK . Vince
Clayton , Thanks a lot . I appreciate all your help . Vince
Eric , My apologies . I am running behind with reviews . I should be done tomorrow . Vince
Kevin , Enjoy your vacation . Vince
Frank , I shall give you my feedback tomorrow . In principle , we agree with most points . I had a crazy day today and could not get back to you Vince
Mike , Does it sound right ? Vince
Susanne , Thanks a lot for the answer to my question . I shall work with the numbers at home tonight . Congratulations to you and your colleagues on a great paper and exciting work in the risk management area . Vince Kaminski
Philip , I have to decline the invitation with regrets . I have too many commitments right now . Vince Kaminski
Frank , I shall catch you tomorrow ( Thu ) morning with m feedback . I shall be glad to attend any meeting on Thursday or Friday this week ( I am still relatively open) . Sorry for the delay . Vince
Beth , Thanks . I shall reply to Ron directly . My E-mail address is Vince.J.Kaminski@enron.com . Vince
Mike , Steve is still producing his numbers under the Research Group logo . Vince
Philip , Please , try Frank Wolak from Stanford University . He is the best expert on California right now . Vince
Howard , The conference call is confirmed . Friday , June 1 , 9:00 a.m . Central Time . Mark Tawney , the Head of our Weather Desk will participate . The call will originate from my office , EB1962 , 713 853 3848 . Vince
Piotr ,
Mike , Any thoughts ? Vince
Diane , Thanks for thinking about us . We should have an answer shortly . Vince
Done . Vince
Frank , FYI Vince
Philip , Frank's E-mail: Vince
Jeannie , No problem . please , call Shirley ( 3-5290 ) to set up a meeting . Vince
Paula , Do u want to go out and eat one day on weekend ? Vince
Jeff , This is a memo on Enterprise Wide Risk Management . Vince
Christian , Thanx . We look fwd to working with you . Vince
Shirley , I shall go to this conference with Krishna . Vince
Thanks . Vince
Hi Paula , No , cannot do it tonight . Finishing a few projects . Vince
Molly , Thanks . Vince
Scott , Please , take a look at it . You may find it useful . Vince
Allen , I am sorry to inform you that it is too late to arrange a summer internship now . We have no physical space left to accept additional interns . Please , feel free to contact us next February . Vince Kaminski
Nelson , June 19 works for me . We have to double check with Gary to make sure it's OK with him to proceed at this time . Vince
We have suspended hiring for the next few months till we shall sort our physical space problem ( we have no space left in our old building) . Please , feel free to contact me again in September . Vince Kaminski
Martin , Lance What do you think about this project ? Vince
Hello Ed , It sounds very interesting . I forwarded your messages to two members of my group who work on the problems related to transmission ( a key to the power markets successful growth) . I shall share with you their reaction . I hope everything is going well . Vince
Bill , Yes , I am coming to Boston . Look forward to meeting you there . My son has not made any decision yet . I am enclosing his resume: please , let me know what you think . Vince
FYI Dad
FYI Vince
Thanks . Vince
Anne , We should treat them both as ST . Vince
Anne , Yes , it makes sense . They should be treated as TS . Vince
Mike What about 3:30 p.m . today ? Vince
Paul , Let's talk at 3:30 my time on Tuesday . We shall originate the call . Vince
I shall come to Wharton on Thursday , June 14 , meeting with Howard Kunreuther . I shall ask my assistant to forward you my itinerary . I shall also register for the October Conference . Thanks for reminding me . Vince
Paul and Howard , I am sending you as promised the E-mail addresses of the participants of the conference call on Friday . Vince
Jan , Thanks . It's an eye opener . Vince
Norman , Sorry , I missed the time window you gave me . I was tied up in a meeting all day . I shall be available on Thursday between 1 and 2 p.m. , Central Time , and Friday , 10:00 to 1:00 . Please , let me know what time is convenient for you . Vince
John Jason passed on your resume to me . Please , get in touch with me so that we can set a preliminary job interview . Vince Kaminski Managing Director Enron Corp .
Nita , Please , forward this msg to the group ASAP . Change in the PBS schedule for tonight . Very interesting . Vince
Bill , I shall be glad to meet you for dinner on Monday in Boston . Vince
Hi Joe , No luck yet . I could not find the issue you are looking for . We are reorganizing our group library and all magazines are in one big pile . I should know by Friday if we still have it . Vince
Mike , Great appearance on Frontline . PQ was late . He asked us to call tonight 5:30 . Vince
FYI Vince
Paul , No problem . I shall call you this evening . Vince
I forwarded the resume to London but I have not heard from them . I shall be in London late in June and I shall bring it up in person with the IT people . Vince
Thanks . We shall give her a call and talk to her . It seems , however , that she has no relevant quantitative background and no experience in finance . Vince
Lance , Who would be the right person on the trading desk to take a look at it ? Vince
Kevin , Please , take a look at the link to the website describing the Neptune project ( a merchant transmission DC line from Canada and Maine to NE) . The link is embedded in one of the messages below . The Neptune Regional Electrical Transmission System will connect rapidly growing , electric-load centers in New York City , downtown Boston , and the Connecticut and New Jersey shores with clean and efficient electric generating facilities in Eastern Canada and Maine . Employing state of the art , environmentally proven sub-sea cable technology , the Neptune System will overcome constraints to the existing land-based electric transmission grid which hinder the efficient use of energy resources along the Mid and North Atlantic seaboard . Any interest ? Vince
Traci , I shall be glad to work with your team at Carnegie Mellon . Vince Kaminski
Bill , I shall wait for you in my room after 6 . Please , give me a call when you arrive . My cell phone number is 713 410 5396 . We can go out and find a place to have dinner . Vince
Jeff , Stinson was thinking about it for a year . Vince
Hi Christie , Thanks . He is graduating on June 16 . By the way , did you see some of the movies I recommended to you ? Vince
Molly , He went to Italy for a month . I shall call him today . Vince
Carrie , Thanks . Vince
Joseph , It was a pleasure meeting you last week at the conference . Thanks for the materials regarding the Energy MBA program at the University of Alberta that you sent me . I forwarded a copy with my recommendation to Billy Lemmons who heads our Analyst / Associate program . Vince Kaminski
Todd , I shall be glad to speak at the conference . Please , send me a detailed agenda when it's ready . Vince
Greg , I am forwarding you the notes from a regular weekly meeting with one of our summer interns . He works on review of the literature regarding drivers behind bid - offer spreads . Please , let me know if you would like additional info . Vince
There is still an error in the definition of the bid-offer spread . Can you look into it ? I have sent it already to Greg Whalley , my boss , before I caught it . Vince
Shirley , FYI Vince
Anne , Thanks . These are excellent ideas and my group needs these initiatives . Vince
Received Vince
Shirley , Please , read . Vince
Kevin , Thanks . I am becoming an old man . Vince
Bill , Thanks . I am forwarding the message to my son . Vince
Shirley , Please , distribute to my direct reports . Vince
Hill , Thanks for the invitation to serve as a Chairman of one of the sessions . Unfortunately , I may be receiving frequent calls from the office that might interfere with my duties . See you next week . Vince
Shirley , Please , register me for it . Vince
Molly , Thanks . I shall join you . I assume it's Ninfa's on West Dallas . Vince
Martin , You may find it useful . Vince
Peter , Look forward to meeting you in Houston . Vince
Barry , Thanks for your message . I am forwarding it with my recommendation to Billy Lemmons who is in charge of our analyst/associate program . Vince
Billy , This is another message from the University of Alberta . They have an Energy MBA program; I heard some good comments about the quality of this program . Vince
Shirley , Please add to my calendar . Vince
Eric , I shall be glad to talk to you about it . The first three days of the next week would work for me . Vince
Eric , July works for me . Vince
Thanks , I will attend . Vince
My secretary contacted SMS . I was surprised that they want to charge me for the conference . Typically , the speakers are invited to attend without incurring the cost of a conference . The is the first invitation to speak I received , combined with a request to pay for the privilege . Vince
Marilyn Yes , please call Shirley ( 3-5290 ) to setup a meeting . Vince
Yes , Thanks a lot . Vince
I cannot access the system to approve the request . I get a message that the page is not available on-line . Vince Kaminski
Dale , I shall be in your part of the world on Friday ( Palo Alto) . I shall ask Krishna to meet you in my place . Vince Kaminski
Thanks Vince
Rita , I have postponed all the hiring decisions till late August - early September . We can revisit Joao's case at this point . We shall have better information about the space in the new building we can count on and the time of the move . We appreciate Joao interest in Enron . Vince Kaminski
Czy to jest Air France ? Vince
I shall be in California on Thu . Vince
Joe , I could not find the issue . I think I have dumped all the copies of the publication . I am in London next week . Vince
Another question . What about a Continental flight to Amsterdam and from Amsterdam to Warsaw ? I can also fly Continental through Rome or London , as long as I don't have to change airports . Vince
Krishna , FYI Vince
What are the hours for Conti vs . Air France ? I am the ofice for another 45 minutes . Your phone number ? Vince
10 Snowbird Place The Woodlands
Nelson , I don't see any problems with #1 . For number 2 , mention that the paper was written when you were a studentt at Rice . Vince
Joe , Here it is Gail , evidently left Enron . Haven't seen her in ages . BTW , P . Bibi resigned . Vince
Looks like a very good paper for the Tech Corner next week . Please , review before publication . I looked at it and it looked OK . Sam will need it by Fri evening . Vince
BTW = By the way . Putnam in Boston . it's official . Vince
Greg , I scheduled a meeting with Norman Packard from the Prediction Company in Houston , July the 30th , 9:00 a.m . Liz blocked out a few hours for the meeting . Vince
Shirley , I shall pay for the trip , I cannot pay for the conference . Vince
Molly , Do you know who has posted this ad: SPEC SR PUBLIC RELATIONS , Job Code #0000109017 . I have a friend who is looking for a position who seems to have the perfect skills for this job . Vince
Shirley , Please , put on my calendar . Vince
Ed , I am still here . Kaminski is a very popular Polish name . My next stage in life , when it happens ,  is a small cottage close to a beach , not another corporate job . Vince
Shirley , I shall be on vacation July 5 , 6 and 9 . It's Thu , Fri and Monday . Please , reschedule a meeting with Peter . Vince P.S . Anita might have already contacted Peter on Friday when you were on vacation .
Shirley , Please , set a meeting with him on Monday . Shirley , also please set up a meeting with Euford Cooper ( Ford) . His extension is 3-5612 . Please , explain I did not have time to respond to his msg . Vince
I shall be in London this week . Please , call me on Monday next week . Best time is between 7:30 and 8:30 my time . Vince
This looks great . I would talk to all the heads of structuring desks , including the right persons ( Zimin , Krishna , Vasant ) in the conversations . Also , please talk to Andrea Reed and ask who are good targets in the EIM organization . We can talk about other targets when I get back . Vince
Steve , I am in London this week . Let's connect when you come back . Vince
Hi Julie , Rice asked me to teach another course on energy derivatives and I plan to use the book as the main source . You can inform them that they should keep the books in stock and probably order a few more copies . I am in London right now and will stay here for a few more days . Swamped with work as usual . I was on the road for the last 2 weeks . The tropical storm unleashed the fury on my neighborhood ( 20 inches in one night ) but we survived without major problems . The only problem I had was an overflowing swimming pool ( it took 45 minutes to go from a comfortable slack to a full condition) . Vince
Ed , I am sure I shall screw up sooner or later ( given my aging brain and amount of work) . This guy will have to change his name to Ed Krapels to stay employed . Vince
Molly , This is the resume of my friend who is interested in a job with Enron . He is a very capable and hard working person . Vince
Greetings from London . I picked up your resume from here and forwarded it to our corporate recruiter . Vince
Anne , Thanks . I shall join . Vince
Molly , Thanks . I am in London this week but I can pick up my messages from here . Vince
FYI Vince
Gwyn , Thanks for this msg and other updates . Vince
Thanks for your message . I am in London right now and I shall attend the RISK conference this week . Stinson Gibner left Enron and I have another person in charge of software . I hope to close the loop in the next few days . Vince
Sorry for the delay in replying to your message . I was on the road a lot . I am in London right now and plan to attend the conference . I am leaving on Saturday morning for Houston . I have asked Shirley to get tickets for one of the evening you mentioned . I should know by Thursday if the tickets are available . Vince
Shirley , Can you get tickets for either night Ehud mentioned ? Maybe Vasant and Zimin can join us ? Vince
Shirley , Just Zimin and Vasant if they are free . Vince
Kate , Not yet . I will know sometimes in August - September . Vince
This is the list of the groups that have access to Research directory . Martin compiled this list . Please , review it and let's talk about the recommendations regarding changes and restrictions we have to make . Vince
I would like to nominate Dr . Stig Faltinsen from Enron Europe as my guest at the London "Understanding and Applying Financial Mathematics to Energy Derivatives" conference , London , June 28-29 . Vince
Mike , Thanks for your message . The meeting on Tuesday at 7 is confirmed . Vince
Anne , I shall brief you on the meeting . Vince
Let's talk about it on Monday . Vince
Natasha , Thanks . I left my package and all the forms in Houston . I shall be glad to fill out the form tomorrow at the conference . Vince
FYI Dad
Larry , Thanks
Lee , Thanks for your message . I am currently in London and shall contact you on my return to the States next week . I plan to attend your conference . Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , Please , send me my SAP # . I need it to approve the expense report . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
Shirley , Approved . Vince
Shirley , I shall talk to him on Monday . The chances are he is a complete misfit if 2 organizations rejected him . Vince
Thanks . Any resolution to Krishna's problem yet ? Vince
Eydie , I shall be out on Monday , July 9 . What about the following Tuesday ? Vince
Maureen , How do you generate this forecast ? Vince
Hello Darrell , I am in London this week , looking , among other things , at our CreditDesk.com operation . I was trying to access your expert report from your web site , but it's password protected . Can you send me a copy ? Vince
Piotr , I can pick up my E-mail messages from here . You can E-mail me with the place and location for tonight . Vince
Thanks . Confirmed . Vince
Thanks . Confirmed . Vince
Thanks . Confirmed . Vince
Jody , Thanks . Confirmed 8:30 , Thu . Vince
Thanks . Confirmed Thu 8:30 . Vince
Maureen , No problem . Vince
Gwyn , There are several Kaminskis at Enron right now . Vince
Greetings from London . What do you think about P , TX , DVN ? Vince
Eugenio , It's more or less the same . No big changes . Vince
Thanks . Vince
Sam , We can use a piece written by Rakesh on liquidity . I shall ask him to send it to you . Vince
Anne , That's great . The meeting is at 3:00 in or area on th 19th . Vince
Shirley , Please , bring Uriel for an interview . We can arrange it with Molly . Usual suspects: VK , ZL , KP , VS , TT , BL Vince
No address was attached . Vince
Dennis , Thanks . I have seen some of the papers you mentioned but missed one about discriminative auctions . Vince Kaminski
Thanks for the invitation . I shall join you . Vince
FYI . Please , install it . Vince
Joanna , You can keep the name as is . I don't want Zimin to be blamed for the flaws of my presentation . Vince
Thanks , The same to you . Vince
Anita , Very minor changes . Thanks . Vince
Shirley , Please , set up a meeting . I am out on Tuesday: PRC all day . Vince
Thanks for the offer .
Billy , We can give Bobby a call and carry out a preliminary interview over the phone . I am always a bit suspicious when I see somebody trying to leave a very good company after a relatively short time . Vince
Shirley , Please , set up a phone interview . Vince
Shirley , Please , look into this meeting . Please , coordinate with Krishna . Vince
Billy , We are in process of setting up a phone interview . Vince
Shirley , Also American Economic Association , American Finance Association , Global Association or Risk Professionals ( Garp) . Vince
Eric , I shall be in California at the end of this week . Vince
Les , Thanks . I shall take a look at the article tonight . Would you like to meet for dinner on Monday or Tuesday when you are in Houston ? If you have made commitments for the evenings , we can meet during the day either on Monday or Tuesday . Vince
Krishna , Do we want to meet with him ? I don't see any point . Vince
Les , Let's meet on Monday at 4:00 p.m. , July 23rd , at Enron . Vince
To do EES presentations to Rhys Krishna's letters
Iris , Thanks . I appreciate your involvement in this project . Vince
Paolo , I shall be very glad to help you . Vince Kaminski
Maureen , No problem . Vince
Darrell , I am sending you the first document for review . It's a new algorithm invented by Rabi De and Tanya . The credit paper has been written but it needs more work before we can send it to you . I think you will enjoy the document I am attaching . Vince
FYI Vince
Ravi , Thanks . I shall arrange for a phone interview with Sen . Vince
Hector , Thanks for the update . I am likely to come to CMU this semester ( recruiting) . I shall get in touch with you . Vince
Paolo , I could not open the attachment . My system needs a file in . doc or . pdf format . M/S Word or Acrobat . Vince
Anne , No problem . I have retained Debra to offer a course for 20 persons in October . You are very welcome to attend . Vince
Shirley , No problem . Vince
I don't think I have to be involved . Vince
Anne , Thanks . I shall be leaving early on Thursday for California: my family is moving back to Houston . I shall ask Vacant to attend . Vince
Paolo , I cannot open the file . When I try to use my Acrobat reader , I get a message that the file does not begin with %PDF- . The file that I receive is winmail.dat; the pdf files typically have an extension . pdf and begin with teh same string of characters . Possibly , the file is modified by the E-mail program . My fax number is 713 646 2503 . Vince
Mike , Let's call Paul . I want to discuss this with him . Vince
Billy , We had an interview with Bobby and we were not impressed at all . He started with a statement about his option pricing experience and when we asked a question about a basic concept in this area ( the definition of volatility ) he could not define it . An answer to any question was that he did work in a different area . When we followed up with a question from this area ( like quantum physics) , he would complain that the question is too detailed . He comes across like a classical consultant ( many buzzwords , little substance) . Vince
FYI Vince
Received Vince
I shall be available next week , except for Friday . Vince
Mark , Thanks a lot . Looks really interesting . Vince
Paul , I am glad you sent me this message . It will help to clarify a few issues . 1 . I was contacted by Christian ( this means I did not start this phase of the process ) last Friday , as far as I can remember . Christian expressed interest in joining the Research Group . I told him two things: a . We would be delighted to have him here . b . Our mutual relationship and good practices require that he receives your blessing before we can move ahead . We agreed to have a conference call Wed morning , your time , with you , Christian and Mike Roberts . 2 . Wednesday call was subsequently cancelled by Christian . Mike and I decided to call you anyway Thu morning your time , directly , to discuss the matter . I was in a PRC all afternoon and asked Mike to call you in case I could not sneak out to join him . Mike called and was told you were out sick . 3 . I am leaving in a few hours for California . I shall be driving back to Houston for the next 3 days . Please , feel free to call Mike an discuss this matter with him in my absence . 4 . I think Christian has a strong preference to be in the Research Group , assuming he moves to Houston . I think he came to this conclusion after visiting Houston in early July . I did not bring up the issue of transfer with him at all when he was here . I can understand his motivation and think we should take his preferences into account . But the first issue is if he can leave Sydney at all . I hope it helps . Cheers . Vince
Mark , The members of my group attend INFORMS conferences and I shall check today if we are covering this specific meeting . We shall be glad to speak with Dr . O'Hara when he comes to Houston . I shall be gone on Friday , but you can contact Sandeep Kohli in Houston to discuss the details . Any date in the time interval given by you works for us . Vince
Kevin , Thanks . Vince
This is Dr . Ueneohara . The spellchecker has done it for me . Sorry . Please , make sure that I am involved in the meeting . Also , include Bob Lee , Rakesh , Vasant , Zimin , Krishna , Paulo , Alex , Tanya , Rabi . Vince
FYI Vince
It's done . Please , check . Vince
Les , I shall try to send you my comments later today . Our address is 1400 Smith ( 2 blocks from Hyatt Regency Downtown and Doubletree Downtown) . The phone number is 713 853 3848 and my assistant's extension is 713 853 5290 ( Shirley Crenshaw) . Look fwd to meeting you . Vince
Gina , I was thinking about calling you and suggesting an "Italian only" lunch . I can also introduce you to my associate , Rakesh Bharati , who studies Italian on his own . What about Tuesday next week ? Vince
Paul , I hope you feel better . I have seen the message from Christian in which he confirmed that he approached the Research in Houston on his own . He did not receive any encouragement from me and from Mike . I hope this closes this issue . I can understand Christian's motivation but don't endorse the way he takes to reach his goals . He hopes to accomplish more in a larger group where he can have more interaction with his peers who have similar backgrounds . I think also that he developed an appreciation for good interpersonal relations in my group he could observe during his stay in Houston . My advice is to try to figure out how to use his skills for Enron and how to develop his social intelligence . Vince
Laura , We can definitely help Jose . We are producing the demand projections for natural gas by state , by customer class every day . The projections are used to forecast AGA storage numbers and have a very good history of hitting the right number . This validate svery well the demand model . Getting the supply curve at a specific location is more difficult because other regions are competing for the same finite quantity of gas available in the short run . We have some good insights into this problem as well . My concern is that summer associates are not fully committed to Enron . I have about 7-8 summer associates every year and we always take measures to keep them away from critical information . Please , let me know how far we can go with Jose . I am ready to help you with baseball . I went to a game last week and Astros won . I guess I brought some good Karma . Vince
Krishna , Who can review Rusty ? I think he deserves an offer . Vince
Shirley , Please , keep an eye on this event to make sure we don't drop the ball for Rusty . Vince
Krishna , Resending just in case . Who can review Rusty ? Vince
Do you have a formal presentation about your company and the services you offer ? Any web site ? I would like to pass on the information I received fro Jurek Jarosz but I need something more tangible to start the process . Vince Kaminski Enron
Shirley , Please set up a lunch meeting with Mike Roberts and myself and Jose Molina ( please , see below ) next week . We can meet over sandwiches . Vince
Mike , I asked Shirley to set up a meeting over sandwiches with Jose Molina ( please , see below) . Vince
Michael , The person who can help you is Zimin Lu . Due to the death in his family , he will be unavailable in the next few days . Please , work directly with me to coordinate the project . We can meet tomorrow ( Tuesday or Wednesday ) for 15 minutes to discuss the details . Vince
It think he deserves an offer . Can you write an evaluation for him ? Vince
Mike , Can we help this guy ? Vince
Alex , I could not open the attachment . Please , send it as a MS Word document or a . pdf file . Vince
Pilar , I will attend . Vince Kaminski
Claudio , The weather bond project looks like a well - defined project . It should result in an interesting term paper . Vince
I shall attend the Alexis de Tocqueville Breakfast on Tuesday , July 31 from 7:30 a.m . - 9 a.m . Vince Kaminski
FYI Vince
Shirley Please , set up a phone interview with this guy . The usual suspects: Zimin , Alex , Bob . Vince
Michael , 3:30 today works for me . We can meet at EB1938 for about half an hour . I shall introduce you to my associate who will work on the project . Vince
Alex , Thanks a lot . I could open our resume . We hire part-time employees to help us with our weather effort: the work is concentrated in the early morning hours I shall check with Mike Roberts who runs the group about our needs . Please , let me know if you are interested in a summer internship in 2002 . The decisions are made in late January and February and you should let me know by then . Vince
Please , ask them if they can accept our invitation to lunch following the meeting ? Vince
Alex , Thanks . I think it's a low risk proposition . He is just an associate . Vince
Chris , I read your paper with great interest . I shall be glad to give you my comments . Please , feel free to call me at 713 853 3848 . Vince
Thanks for your message . Confirmed . Vince
Bob , FYI Vince
Gina , It's a deal . Vince
Chris , 2:00 p.m . on Wednesday this week is fine with me . Look forward to talking to you . Vince
Alex , I have forwarded your message to Mike Roberts . Vince
Alex , Yes , please go ahead . Vince
Eric , Thanks . Vince
John , Would you like me to use the slides you attached or expand/replace them with some additional material . Vince
It would help to have a presentation to start the discussion . We can wait till September . Vince
John , I shall expand your slides by adding a few more . I shall rely on your judgment: you know better what is the level of sophistication of the students . See you tomorrow . Vince
FYI Vince
Mike , Perhaps it makes sense to shorten it a bit . I think the highlighted paragraphs can be removed . Makes no sense to sound too apologetic . Another observation . I have just talked to Christian and suggested a conference call Monday evening our time with Paul . You can mention this conference call request to Paul . The oservation: Christian may be smart but he will one hell of a person to manage given his personality . Vince
Steve , Yes , They are coming . It makes sense for Shirley to confirm it on Friday for you ( I shall be in Dallas ) before you hop on the plane . The meeting start at 9:00 at the Greg's office . Hope to see you on Monday . Vince
Steve , No problem . I shall be glad to give you an endorsement . I am meeting Pravven Kumar in a few days and will mention your name . Let's mmet fordinner later i August . I shall talk to Mike about it . Vince
I will attend the reception on Tuesday . Vince Kaminski
I shall take the bus Tuesday morning to AdeT breakfast . Vince Kaminski
Kristin , Excellent reporting on California . Vince
Joe , I have distributed all the copies we got from the publisher . You can buy one through Marge Nadasky , and get a discount as an Enron employee , or directly form RISK through Amazon . Vince
FYI Vince
Jeff , I have tried to open the attachments . All the files are empty . Try to resend it and if it does not work , I shall contact the author directly Vince
Jennifer , Thanks . I will attend . Vince
Martin , David Pruner called about this meeting today . I shall talk to him on Thu about the details . Vince
Janet , This is the resume and the cover letter of the person I mentioned at the breakfast today . Vince
I have talked about Chris to Janet Dietrich and forwarded the resume to her . Vince
Jeff Shankman forwarded to me your papers on option pricing . I could not open the attachments . Can you , please , resend them to me directly . Vince Kaminski
Thanks , I could open the attachments this time . I shall get back to you shortly . Vince
Mike , Please , take a look at it . Vince
Ed , Berney , Please , take a look at one of the resumes ( David B . Good ) recommended for structuring by my friend . Vince
Thanks . I forwarded one resume to our structuring groups . We shall evaluate the other one . Vince
Any interest in James ? Vince
Rick , Would you look us to make a joint appeal to Jeff to speak at this conference ? Our friends at UT were very disappointed last time that Jeff had other commitments and I suggested they should try to get on his schedule early for the 2002 event . Vince
Thanks . I shall get in touch with Mike and the Analyst /Associate program . Vince
Billy , I received a request to make a presentation to the Energy Finance class at UT this fall . It makes sensed to coordinate my trip with your unit presentation to the MBA students at the UT . Please , let me know who is the person to coordinate this request with ? Vince
Christie , I will attend . Vince
FYI Vince
Thanks I will attend Vince Kaminski
Kim , I met Paul Y'barbo today ( I have known him for ages ) and he mentioned an interview with you . He is a very bright and capable individual and he would be a good fit to your group . Vince P.S . He looks better without the pony tail .
Dear Dr . Uenohara , I would like to thank once more you and your colleagues for visiting Enron and for your most interesting presentation . We all look forward to working with you in the future . Vince Kaminski
Thanks Here is the message for Jeff: Jeff , I am asking you on my behalf and on behalf of Rick Causey to make a keynote presentation at the annual Energy Finance Conference at the University of Texas at Austin . The conference is tentatively scheduled to take place on February 21 - 22 , 2002 . Depending on your calendar , the conference organizers can reserve a time slot for your presentation at the conference dinner ( February 21 , 2002 , Thursday ) or lunch ( February 22 , 2002 , Friday) . This annual conference is devoted to financial engineering in the energy business . The topics covered in the past meetings included applications of real options technology to the energy business , risk management and the future of deregulation . The agenda of the last conference is attached for your review; the agenda for the 2002 event is under development . Given Enron's relationship with UT and our interest in the Energy Finance program , a great source of highly skilled talent for our Analyst / Associate Program , we think that your participation will benefit the company . The conference is widely attended by senior executives of other energy companies and is an excellent forum to present Enron's accomplishments and the agenda for the future . Vince Kaminski
Kim , Thanks . I shall ask Shirley to schedule a lunch in 2-3 weeks for me and Krishna with you . Krishna is about to become a Daddy again in a few days; the end of August should work for him . Vince
I shall attend East Power presentation as well . Vince
Thanks . I think dinner is a better forum for Jeff . Vince
Jeff agreed to participate . I suggested dinner as a better forum to Jeff's secretary . The decision regarding lunch/dinner issue is still to be made . Vince
Steve , Praveen is coming in tomorrow . We shall figure out a way to give you a great recommendation . I always appreciate your trading suggestions . Vince
Steve , Two things . 1 . Can you fax the meeting notes from last Monday to 713 646 2503 ? I have written the summary for Greg for the conference call tomorrow but want to make sure I did not miss any important point . 2 . Assuming we go ahead and forge a formal relationship , how would you like to be involved ? Out of London or , possibly , Houston ? Please , let me know . Vince
Mike , This is what some people in the industry see . Vince
Sheridan , I am aware of the duplicate check problem and I owe you phone call about this . I am still trying to mobilize internal support for the valuation study we discussed at San Antonio . Mark Ruane whom you met , moved on to a new job and his successor is a bit skeptical about the need for a study . Internal Enron perception is that we understand the process of decision making inside big financial institutions ( or lack of it) , especially in the energy area , regarding valuation of investment projects . Any study would just reveal what we already understand about quite simplistic tools they use: DCF with a discount rate being subject to negotiations within a very broad band of potential values . It will help if I get the agenda of the conference soon to pass it on to Jeff Skilling . It would also help if you could write a formal letter to him . Vince
Norman , Thanks . Talk to you soon . Vince
Thanks Vince
Steve , Prediction Company was confused . No problem - I got the outline from memory and I shall cc you . I shall attach your minutes to my memo for Greg . Vince
Alex , It probably makes sense to wait a few months to see if you really like Dynegy . We can meet for lunch anyway sometimes in the next few weeks . Please , call me at Vince
Bob , Any interest ? Vince
FYI Vince
Pam , Thanks for your message . I have forwarded the resume to the members of my group who use part-time employees . Vince
Frank , Greg Whalley and I are planning another trip to a California . The trip is most likely to take place on the 16th - 17th of August or a week later ( 23rd - 24th of August) . Are you available for an afternoon meeting and / or dinner on Thursday , August 16 or August 23 ? We are very interested in your thoughts about the directions of the power markets across the US . Vince Kaminski
Christie , Thanks . I shall attend . Another quick questions . Art Varga and Praveen Kumar have been talking to us asking for directions regarding their energy program . I have suggested they should contact you as well . Please , include me in the meeting: I want to stay close to them as we are trying to place a number of our employees in their PH.D . program . Vince
Shirley , Vince
Frank , I looked at your resume . There is no good fit with my group . I have forwarded your resume to 2 different units of Enron ( Enron Industrial Markets ) and Enron Networks . They may be interested in your skills . Vince Kaminski
Any interest ? I got this resume today from a person I never met . It seems he may have some relevant skills . Vince
Hi Presly , Thanks for the message . Things have slowed down for me and it's time to enjoy the summer . I wander if you have heard from Enron's HR people ? Talk to you soon . Vince
Julie , No problem . Vince
Lexi , Looks great . Vince
Bob , Please , go ahead and register . Vince
Hi Presly , I shall check with my PR person about your resume and will give you a call . Vince
Thanks Vince
Liz , Greg: Frank Wolak from Stanford will be back in the office on Tuesday , August 7 . I hope to set up a meeting with him and then to finalize the meeting with Prediction Co . I shall be shooting for August 23 - 24 , in view of Greg's trip on the 15th and 16th . I left a message for Norman Packard , telling him that I should be able to get back to him regarding the trip to Santa Fe by Tuesday this week . The first draft of the non-disclosure agreement will be ready by Tuesday or Wednesday . Have a good trip . Vince
Liz , Frank Wolak can meet Greg and me in his office and for dinner Thursday night , August 16 , at Stanford . Can Greg fly to San Francisco or San Jose from his Asset Tour trip in late afternoon on that day ? If Greg can get a co plane to go San Francisco on Thursday , we could fly together to Santa Fe on Friday morning , August 17 . Norman Packard can meet us on that day . I could go to San Francisco Thursday morning on a commercial flight . Vince
Kevin , Ed is running a consulting firm in Boston that often tries to act as a boutique merchant bank . He inquired if Enron could provide transmission hedges for the Neptune project . Any interest . Please , feel free to contact Ed directly and let me know . Vince
Who is the trader that might be interested in this project ? I have already forwarded the message to Kevin Presto . Vince
Ed , Thanks for your message . I have forwarded the message to the head of our power trading desk and to our transmission group . Hope to hear form them later today . Vince
Tom FYI . I have forwarded this message to Kevin Presto as well . Vince
Bob , Do you have a standard presentation on Enron's role in creating and growing the spot and forward markets for pulp and paper ? We are helping the media group to make a pitch to a big customer ( $40 billion in revenues ) and we would like to provide some examples of our skills in creating and growing new markets . Vince P.S . It's quite urgent: we were asked to help at the eleventh hour .
Thanks for a very quick turn around . Vince
Norman , Thanks for your message . Still struggling with a trip schedule , trying to reconcile many different itineraries . I should connect with Greg who is in London and firm the plans up by tomorrow morning . I am attaching a draft of a non-disclosure agreement . Please , take a look at it at your leisure and let me now what you think . I have also FedExed you some reading materials about the power and natural gas prices . Vince
Please , try to mobilize the members of the group who have not made a contribution yet . Research is shown as a separate group in all the reports and we may stand out as unit at the end of this week . Vince
Mike , We discussed United Way last Thursday when you were on the 32nd floor monitoring the hurricane . Vince
Anne , Thanks for your quick action on Prasanna . He came to us looking for a transfer . I was reluctant to do it in the first place , because we try to avoid poaching other groups . Given that his reviews are less than enthusiastic , we shall write him off . Vince
Vince
Vince
Shawn , Let's do lunch . It's long overdue . we have been planning it for a long time . Vince
We crossed the 50% participation mark . Vince
Congratulations . Vince
Marc , We already have a basket option model that we can adapt for this transaction . I shall talk with Sandeep and Vasant about it . Vince
I will attend . Vince Kaminski
Hello John , Thanks for the lead . I have seen other papers on this topic . Vince
Liz , FYI . Can we firm up either date ? I am getting the impression they are getting impatient . Vince
FYI Vince
Gwyn , Congratulations . Vince
Sheridan , I am going out to lunch with Rick Buy today and will mention the valuation seminar . I shall ask Rick how many employees from his group he would send to this program . I have no suggestions regarding the program , except that the last year selection of topics was very interesting . You can include e-bus and on-line trading as the topics for 2002 . My address is: 1400 Smith Room EB1962 Vince
Mike , Great idea . My son built his own computer . He can help . Also , we are meeting Greg for 10 mins on Monday . Vince
Norman , My apologies for the delay in firming up the date of our trip . Ay you may know , we had an explosion at our Teesside plant in Northern England . The accident coincided with Greg's trip to London and Greg got immersed in all the problems related to it . I hope to have a final decision on Monday morning when he comes back to Houston . Vince
Terry 281-296-0573
Eric , Do you have a list of the members of the Research Group who have/have not contributed so far ? I am afraid that you may have an outdated list and a list including some temporary summer employees/ interns who cannot contribute even if they want ( they are not in the system) . I think our participation may a bit higher . Vince
FYI , We need to get to at least 80% . I am also talking to Erik Thode: I am afraid he has a list of the group distorted by the summer employees who cannot contribute even if they want to ( they are not in the system) . Vince
Thanks . FYI . Our internal RAC models assign roughly BB credit rating to Enron . Vince
Hello , Thanks for your message . I think that we can resume our discussions in a few months . We have currently a large group of highly skilled Enron employees who , given that we have effectively an internal labor market , are looking for alternative positions . We are giving them a priority in the hiring decisions . Vince
Thanks . Vince
Nelson , I fully agree . They are free to donate as much as they want to charity as they wish , but it does not have to be through Enron . Vince
Hello Chris , Thanks for your message . The first two pages look like an good opening to an article on a spark spread option . A few comments . 1 . A spark spread model has two primary uses . It can be used for pricing stand alone options traded in the OTC markets and also can be used as foundation stone for a real options valuation model of a generation plant .
Test
Managing Energy Risk Price , Risk Magazine Books , 2nd edition Clewlow , Strickland , Energy Derivatives
Eric , Oren Zimmerman (  # 19 ) resigned and should be removed from the list . Numbers 15 & 12 are part-time employees , a high school and college students , respectively , and we should not consider them in the total as well . Vince
FYI Vince
Tom , Lance , Martin , This meeting is regarding Brazil and hydro conditions in this country . Let's meet Wednesday to talk about the ways we can contribute to solving this problem . Tom , where do we stand with SDDP ? Vince
Joe , I can bring to the meeting some members of my group who support power modeling and have experience with hydro systems and transmission . Do you want me to include them in the meting ? I understand it's about Brazil . Vince
Yes , they are in the acquisition mode . I think the stock will do OK long-term . Vince
Diane , I will have it for you shortly . Vince
Hello Christie , It makes sense to invite somebody from EIM ( Ray Bowen? ) to the luncheon . By the way , what is the location ? Vince
FYI Vince
Martin , Tom , Can you join me at the meeting with Joe Kishkil on Thu , 1:00 p.m . re Brazil hydro problems ? Vince
Go to the Lacima web site (  and you can buy the book directly .
Diane , This is the headcount projection for 2002 . I am slightly above my plan for 2001 that I am under performing now . Sorry for the delay . Vince
Shirley , Please , let's review it and see if any re-class is involved . Vince
Norman , Sorry for a delay in responding to you . The trip this week , August 17 , is impossible . As you know by now , our CEO , Jeff Skilling , resigned today and Greg will be tied up in analyst calls for the next few days . We still hope to be able to visit you on the 24th , as long as you are still available on this day . Just in case , please advise me about you availability on Friday , August 31st . Vince
Frank , Sorry for a delay in responding to your message . As you can imagine , after Jeff Skilling's resignation , Greg Whalley will be tied up in a few additional stock analysts' presentations . We are still planning trips to California and New Mexico that we would like to combine and would like very much to meet and exchange opinions with you . Please , advise me about your availability during the next 2 - 3 weeks . Hopefully , we can reconcile our schedules and meet soon . Vince
Scott , Thanks for the message . I have talked to HR today and they will be contacting you regarding the offer . We shall work out the details this week . Of course , we have to go through our usual procedures and I leave it to our HR department . Vince
Great . A big jump in participation . Vince
FYI Vince
Liz , FYI . This is the person at Stanford Greg would like to meet . Vince
Hi Joe , I called you Tuesday and left a message on your voice mail . Jeff's address is: jeff.skilling@enron.com Vince
Liz , An update on Frank's availability at Stanford . Vince
Osman , Here it is . Sorry for the delay . Vince
Liz , What about suggesting Friday , September 7 for the Santa Fe , Prediction Co , trip ? Greg would like to combine the trip with a weekend in Santa Fe . We could go to Stanford on Thursday , the day before . Also , they want to speak about the agenda and the NDA . Can you ask Greg if he wants to participate in the conference call ? I want to propose Friday , 2:00 p.m . our time , for a conference call . Given that they want to discuss the NDA , we could include the lawyer , Mark Taylor , as well . Vince
Anne , Shalesh told me that his visited his HR screen some time ago and it showed a promotion to an Associate . This entry was reversed later . Any reason for that ? It may be related to his transfer from EBS . We can check with his previous business unit whether they gave /promised him a promotion . Vince
Liz , We can schedule the trip sometimes between September the 3rd and September the 5th . I was shooting for Friday only because it worked better for Greg . Vince
Brian , It sounds great . I know from personal experience that it's much better to da new technology quietly and test it before everybody develops high expectaIf you don't manage the management , they will give you zero credit for the idea , and a lot of grief for slow deployment . I see the usefulness of this technology in many places where we trade powerIs it OK to consult one my associates ( Martin Lin ) and ask him for his opinion ? He knows infinitely more about transmission than I do . A lunch / dinner at a Sardinian restaurant would be great . I spent a summer in Sardinia in 1970 . Vince
Anne , Thanks for a very quick ( as always ) reaction . I want to ask you for another favor . Can you send me the list , for my files , of promotions after the last PRC ? Vince
Martin , Any thoughts on this project ? Vince
John , I will teach the option class in the spring ( starting sometimes in February) . I don't see any problem if you want to audit the class . Vince
Jim , What about 2 p.m. , my time , on Friday , August 17 . If this works for you , I shall try to invite a lawyer who wrote the draft of the non-disclosure agreement . Vince
Brian , Another interesting problem that may lead to a trip to an exotic place . As you know , Brazil is in the midst of a very severe power shortage . About 95% of installed capacity in Brazil is hydro ( out of about 65 GW ) and the level of water in the reservoirs is about 20% of the normal . We have a huge exposure in Brazil given our LDC investments and merchant power plants . Measuring water level in the reservoirs is a critical project and boys from Brazil are asking for help . We have looked into a similar problem in Norway and came up with interesting technical solutions but had to drop it because of lawyers' objections . These objections may not apply to Brazil . Can we arrange for a conference call between you and me and Remy Collonge from Sao Paulo to discuss the problem ? He will be back in his office on Tuesday .  I shall call you tomorrow about it . What is your phone number ? Vince
Marshall , Thanks . My assistant will call him to confirm . Vince
Kevin , Thanks . Vince
Brian , Thanks . I shall ask Shirley to set up a conference call with Remy on Tuesday . You can come up to the 19th floor if you wish . I shall ask Martin Lin to join us well . Vince
Eric , FYI Vince
Nelson , Thanks . Vince
Brian , FYI Vince
Laura , Sorry for a delay in responding to your previous message . My boss , Greg Whalley will be traveling a lot during the next 2 weeks , visiting different offices of Enron . It seems at this point that we may be able to visit you in Santa Fe in the first part of the week of September the 3rd . Please , advise me of your availability . I apologize for our inability to commit to a firm date at this point . I would like to assure you of our continuing interest in working with you in the future . Vince
Jim , Confirmed . Vince
Billy , I have received an invitation to speak to a graduating class of the Quantitative and Computational Finance program at Georgia Tech . The URL is included in the message below . Would you be interested in arranging for a presentation at this school about the A/A Program , coinciding with my visit ? Vince
Tom , Select on of the courses . Hard to say which one is the best . Vince
I consider attending a course you are teaching . Can you , please , send me an electronic version of the booklet "Introduction to Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery , Third Edition" Vince Kaminski Managing Director Enron Corp .
Dear Mr . de la Fuente , I appreciate the invitation to the conference on Ten Years of Electricity Deregulation and Restructuring . I shall be able to make a decision next week . Vince Kamnski
Tanya , Can you help this guy ? Vince
Jim , I shall call you from my office OK ? Vince
Dear Samantha , My associate , Steve Leppard , sent me a message about a conversation he had with you regarding books on quantitative aspects of trading different commodities . I shall be very glad to talk to you about different approaches we can take ( books ranging from a very general introduction to different commodity markets to highly technical treaties ) and about the contribution Enron could make . You can take a quick look at the book published by Risk magazine , "Managing Energy Price Risk" , 2nd edition . This collection of papers was probably the best selling book Risk published so far . It is a good starting point to a conversation about different options you might consider . Please , feel free to give me a call . My direct number is 713 853 3848 . Vince Kaminski
Billy , Your recommendation makes sense . It's a new program and we have no data points about its quality . I shall inform my contact that you have already fully committed your resources and cannot make anymore campus trips . I shall offer to collect the resumes and distribute them within Enron . Vince
Brian , Talk to Marge Nadasky . She can get a discount of 15% for an Enron employee . Vince
Sam , Looks great . Plz , go ahead as soon as the equations are in . Vince
FYI Vince
Patrick , Thank you . I have forwarded the resume to my friend at AIG . Vince
Traci , Thanks . Vince
FYI Vince
Sally , We were approached a few months ago regarding this benchmarking study . You and I decided jointly against Enron's involvement in this project . They have approached us again . Any thoughts ? Vince
Theresa , I have forwarded this message to a number of executives at Enron and we shall meet to discuss this project . Vince
Mike , Take a look at the comment on AGA . Vince
Shirley , I would like to commit to October 4 . Any other engagement ? Vince
Shirley , No . Vince
Did I talk to you about it ? Vince
Hello Tricia , It was nice to hear from you . What are your coordinates ? Vince
Joe , We are in process of setting up a phone interview with him . Vince
Shirley , Can you set up a phone interview with him . Vince
FYI Vince
Joe , Jeff It seems MS wants to be only on one side of the transaction . I think it re Joe , Jeff It's interesting MS wants to be only on one side of the transaction . I think it reflects their ability to hedge . Any other thoughts ? Vince
FYI Vince
Johnny Thanks . Please , set up an interview in cooperation with Shirley Crenshaw , Vince
Tanya No problem . Vince
Visit , Please , send me your address and I shall send you a reprint . Vince
Makes sense . Let's meet with Gordon . I shall ask Rakesh to set up a meeting . Another question: do you know if the collar was hedged by the equity desk ? I would expect a cash event related to the exercise of the put that will affect Enron's liquidity at some point . Vince
Karen , I shall forward the message to number of my friends with an experience and contacts in the industry . They may be able to give you some leads . Vince
Molly , Jill is a daughter of my friend . She contacted our Analyst/Associate Program but her background makes her a better candidate for an HR position . Do you know if we are looking for somebody with her skills ? Vince
Let's send flowers . I don't think a transfer is an issue that should be brought up during a hospital visit . Zhiyong does not need any more stress ( I speak from experience - I had a car accident) . Vince
Anne , Thanks . I shall give you the review forms by Friday . Also , I did cc you on a msg re my friend's daughter resume . She is looking for an HR position . Do you see any need in your department ? Vince
Anne , Yes , I got the forms . It remains to be seen when I talk to Greg about it . Vince
Cassandra , We can wait till Rudi comes back an then we can meet . I shall ask Rakesh to set up a meeting with you and Rudi and Gordon next week . Vince
HC stands for . .. ? Vince
Any comments on this person ? Vince
Sean , This was exactly the advice I gave to Zimin this morning . Vince
Adrianne , Thanks Vince
Paolo , I should finish the review in a day or two . We were quite busy here in Enron for the last few days . Vince
Jonathan , Thanks . Vince
Therese , Done . Please check . Vince
Nelson , Thanks for you effort . Vince
Laura , Given Greg Whalley's schedule , the best day for us to visit with you at Santa Fe would be Wednesday , September the 5th . WE would arrive from San Francisco , early in the morning and we could stay through the day . Please , let me know if this date would work for you . Vince
Frank , Thanks for your message . What about a meeting on Tuesday , September the 4th . We could meet at your office , let's say at 4 p.m . We would be delighted if you could join us for dinner later in the evening on the same day . Vince
FYI . The first leg of the trip has been confirmed . Vince .
FYI Vince
Liz , It's in Stanford . We can stay at the Stanford Inn Hotel Tuesday night and leave early in the morning for Santa Fe on Wednesday . I am still waiting for Prediction to confirm their meeting on Wednesday . Vince
Gina , Tuesday , August 28 looks good . Vince
Paul , Thanks for your message . Terry left Enron a few weeks ago after many years with the company . The best speaker for the occasion you have in mind is Steve Kean , EVP CHIEF OF STAFF , ( 713 ) 853-1586 I shall leave a phone message for Steve about the invitation from you . Can you indicate the subject of the presentation , or would you like to leave it to him to decide ? Vince
Richard , It's nice to hear for you . I know many people at Rice , including the Dean of the Business School , and I can make discreet inquiries on your behalf . Please , let me know if I can approach the Dean or one of the finance faculty members on your behalf . Vince
Joe , We are working on the JCC project with the crude desk ( Vasant Shanbhogue and Nelson Neal are involved in the project) . We are meeting with Marc de la Roche tomorrow to present our findings about pricing and hedging . We shall be glad to send you the presentation and walk your through the slides over the phone . Vince P.S . You are right . The margins are fat . It looks like a great opportunity .
Joe , I sent you another msg about our work on JCC . We are meeting Marc de la Roche tomorrow to discuss the JCC projects . Who is the person in Tokyo we should work with on this project ? Vince
Steve , I have received an inquiry from a professor at the Wharton School who would like to invite a senior executive from Enron to speak at their Energy Club . I gave him your name , so you can expect a call from him or one of his associates . Sorry if I put another burden on your shoulders . Vince
Joe , We shall work with Marc and Kinoshita to get it done . Also , we talked to Kiyoshi today and were very impressed . We shall show his resume to Whalley . Vince
John , A quick comment about seating arrangements for the weather group . I understand the new plan is to put both the gas and power weather guys at one location . My recommendation is against it . If the objective of having two separate weather groups is to put in place a system of checks and balances and encourage independent views , the new seating arrangements will nullify it . The power weather guys will defer to Mike who has unquestionable authority and experience . If we go ahead with the new seating arrangements it makes sense to combine the two groups under Mike's leadership . Please , let me know what you think . Vince
tsp
Tanya: It was 3 . Vince
Joe , Thanks . Vince
Gayle , Thanks for the invitation . Let's connect in the beginning of November to discuss the details . Vince
Martin , Looks great . I have forwarded it to Sam . Vince
Paul , I have left a message for Steve about your call . Vince
I hope you will feel better soon . Vince
Anita , Should we advise everybody to wait for the results of Martin's evaluation ? Vince
Laura , Thanks for confirming the meeting on September the 5th . We shall be coming on a company plane from San Jose and this gives us a lot of flexibility in planning of the agenda . Please , let me know when would you like to start the meeting and we shall be glad to adjust . I assume you are on Mountain Time and this means we shall lose one hour flying east from California . Vince
Mike , I think it makes sense to send somebody from Enron to make a presentation , given our relationship with the Wharton School . I think it can be somebody below Steve's level - the occasion does not justify allocating time of a senior executive . Vince
Thanks for your message . I shall ask my assistant , Shirley Crenshaw ( 713 853 5290) , to set up the call with you . Vince Kaminski
Tricia , Thanks a lot for your message . I am glad things are going well for you . It's quite hectic here as you know . I shall try to call you later this week to chat about the markets . Vince
Thanks for your message . I have talked briefly to Rick about it and we came to the conclusion that we could substitute Greg Whalley for Jeff . I assume that your interest is more in having a speaker from Enron than a specific person . Of course , we have to get on Greg's calendar but I can make these arrangements as soon as I hear from you . Vince
Shirley Please , inform the group . Vince
Albert , Thanks . What is the time of the presentation ? Vince Kaminski
Dear Dr . Whitaker , I was contacted a few days ago by my friend , Richard McMinn , who is currently holding the Swiss Re Chair in the Management of Risk , Centre for Risk and Insurance Studies , Nottingham University Business School . Before moving to England , he was for many years with the University of Texas at Austin . He is also an editor of The Journal of Risk and Insurance . Richard expressed interest in coming back to the States , and specifically to Texas . I remember from a number of conversations with you and other rmembers of your staff , that you are thinking about making several additions to the Faculty of Jones School , especially in the area of risk management . Richard is a well qualified candidate that you may consider in your search . I am attaching the address of Richard's CV . Please , feel free to contact me if you need more information about his academic credentials . Vince Kaminski
Cathy , Thanks . I can use the tickets on the 12th or on the 25th . Vince
13 files sent for R ( public version of S) .
Bill , Thanks for selecting me as a panel participant . Unfortunately , I have to decline: I am planning extended vacation following Thanksgiving . I hope your company is doing fine . Vince
FYI Vince
Gina , Thanks for your message . I shall contact Brian and we shall see you tomorrow at 6:00 . Vince
Frank , Thanks for your message . We are confirming a meeting in your office at 4:00 p.m. , Tuesday , next week . What about a dinner at 7:00 ? Vince
Greg , Congratulations Vince
Mark , Congratulations . Vince
Vasant , FYI Vince
John , Thanks for you messages and for a polo shirt I got from the MBA program in Dallas on Monday . I am doing fine - busy as usual . In case you missed it , and interesting article from the WSJ . Vince
Gil , Thanks for your message . I stay in touch with many academic centers and shall be glad to bring up to your attention other potential candidates . I often hear about academics who contemplate moving to this part of the country . Vince
Hello Scott , Thanks for Sriram . I shall call you later this week with an update on our needs . Vince
Mike , Thanks . Vince
Richard , I have made discreet inquiries at Rice and it seems they are looking for somebody with a different profile than the one you represent . I think that the interest is more in a person with more financial institution risk management experience , with special applications to trading and energy trading in particular . Vince
Jim , Thanks for your message . We definitely plan to visit with you , as planned , next Wednesday . We shall be flying from San Jose in the morning and we can shoot for 9:30 a.m . arrival at your office , as long as it works for you . I shall forward your message to our lawyer and ask her to come up with a new version of an NDA . Look forward to meeting you next week . Vince
Laura , I have just sent a message to Jim confirming our visit with you on September the 5th . Is 9:30 a.m . OK with you as our arrival time ? Also , please , send me the directions to your location . Look forward to meeting you on Wednesday next week . Vince
Norman , I have confirmed in my messages to Jim and Laura our visit in Santa Fe on Wednesday , September the 5th . What about arriving at your location 9:30 a.m . Vince
Diane , Here are my allocations for 2002: The modified budget spreadsheet follows . My home phone number is 281 367 5377 in case you need info from me . You can call till 11 p.m . Vince
Diane , This is my budget: Vince
Headcount
Hello Darrell , Many changes in Enron kept me busy during the last few days . Rabi and Tanya are working on a new version of the documentation and we hope to send it to you in a few days . I agree with you that the document we sent you was rather cryptic and apologize for not screening it more effectively . I agree with you regarding point # 2 and so does Tanya . I think she did not explain precisely what she meant by her comment . I hope to talk to you soon . Vince P.S . We still owe you money for work done over the last 18 months .
Liz , We have confirmed 9:30 a.m . with Prediction Co . in Santa Fe on Sep 5 . Thanks for setting up the trip . Vince
Marek , I shall be in Santa Fe on the 5th . Coming back on Wed , so Friday looks OK for drinks . What about Thursday ? Where are oyu going to stay ?
Shirley , Can you FedEx to her the reprints of my papers . I shall bring you one more tomorrow . Vince Samantha Whittaker Senior Publishing Editor , Finance John Wiley & Sons Ltd . Baffins Lane Chichester West Sussex PO19 1UD UK
Shawn , Sorry to see you go . Let's stay in touch . Vince
Anita , Vasant 5:30 is fine . Vince
Candice , Thanks a lot . I look forward to the dinner of Friday . Vince
Thanks a lot . I appreciate it . Vince
I am in Vince
Marek , I did not get the full text of the message . We can meet Thu late afternoon ( I am likely to have a dinner scheduled earlier ) of Friday for drinks/dinner . Please , let me know . Vince
Jay , I have to add another item to a long list of your headaches . Greg Whalley gave us marching orders to treat the development of quantitative models for data mining of EOL trade records as the top priority . I shall be providing Greg bi-weekly updates on the project . FYI only . I am flying with Greg next week to a meeting with a third party that may be involved in some aspects of this project . I shall tell you more when we meet . I know that we , as well as Greg , can count on full support and cooperation from you . I shall ask my assistant , Shirley Crenshaw , to set up a meeting with you next week after I come back from the trip . Vince
Business: Address: 265 Lytton Ave Palo Alto , CA 94301 Phone: Fax:
Bill , Who knows , he might be interested . You can contact him directly at his Houston ( River Oaks ) address . Vince
FYI Vince
Maureen , OK . Pease , set up a meeting .
David , Count me in . Never missed a party . Vince
A . Einstein "As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality , they are not certain; and as far as they are certain , they do not refer to reality." "Only two things are infinite , the universe and human stupidity , and I'm not sure about the former." "Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish." "Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen." "I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought , but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." "I never think of the future - it comes soon enough." "If I had only known , I would have been a locksmith." "The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax." "The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible." "The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem . It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one." "The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources." "You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war." "If the facts don't fit the theory , change the facts." "Imagination is more important than knowledge..." "The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious . It is the source of all true art and science." "The important thing is not to stop questioning."
Paul , Thanks for your message . Larry does not fit the profile of my group . Vince
Steve , I guess it's one of the challenges of the English language . Tanya wants to ask for help in one of our new projects that requires intensive interfacing with the data bases ( and we have no expertise in this area) . Vince P.S . A very funny article about challenges of the English language . Plz , see below .
Nelson , Brian Mihura . Vince
FYI Vince
Mike , Yes , let's move ASAP . Vince
Maureen , Let's make sure that the process is more efficent next time . Vince
We have suspended interviews for the time being . I am waiting for the approval of my budget fro 2002 . Vince
Mike , Please , take a look at this one . Vince
Shirley , Please , get a password for me . To obtain a FREE Northern Light password , email Stephanie E . Taylor with your name , extension , company number , and cost center to stephanie.e.taylor@enron.com . Northern Light passwords allow you to access and download Special Collection documents . Vince
Larry , I shall be glad to join you and Prof . Goldenfeld for dinner . Vince
Jeff , I will talk to Dan and Brad Romine about it tomorrow . I shall be out on Monday ( recruiting at UT); I should be able to close the loop by Tuesday . Vince
Ross , Look forward to meeting you on Monday . I shall be on the campus between 10:15 - 10:30 on Monday . I am meeting Ehud Ronn and a group of Business School professors for lunch at noon . What about a meeting between 10:30 and 11:30 ? I can come directly to your office . Vince
Larry , I shall be glad to join you at the Colloquium as well . I haven't lost even one million dollars yet and I have to get up to speed . Vince
Larry , Thanks . I shall contact Mike Gorman . Vince
Mike's phone number: Vince
Shawn What about Tuesday next week ? Vince
Jose , Mike suggested we push the briefing to Monday morning . Vince
Tom , Congratulations . I got your E-mail when I was in Argentina and the system was too slow to send a response right away . I hope Mom is feeling better by now . Vince
Shawn , Thanks . Tuesday next week , 12:00 , it is . Vince
Are you interested in this dinner ? Please , respond to Mac directly . Vince
Frank , What about Tuesday next week , 10:00 a.m . my time ? Vince
Christian , This is good news . I shall talk to Paul Mon evening my time to finalize the dates . Vince
Confirmed . Vince
Christie , The schedule for Monday is already full but I shall try to work around it . I shall call Tom's office if a window opens up on Monday . I assume 3pm is EST . Vince
Rick , I shall be honored to serve on the Advisory Board of the MSCF . Also , I shall be able to join you on Wednesday , December 12 for the first meeting . A more formal letter of acceptance will follow . Vince
Ted , My budget does not anticipate currently any expansion . I shall be hiring only in the case of attrition but in such case I shall seek to replace very specific skills . Please , give me a call at your convenience and we can discuss other options ( 713 ) 853 3848 . Vince
Martin , Lance What do you think ? Vince
Brian , Would you like to stop by this weekend for a drink or two ? Vince
Zimin , already left . Plz , send to vkaminski@aol.com . Vince
Shirley , What is the stock price of ENE ?
Any change ?
Kevin , Thanks a lot . I received it . Vince
Shirley , Please forward the following message to the Research Group . Thank you for the gift and the card I received on Friday on the occasion of the Bosses' Day . I am very proud to be part of this great research team . Vince
Shirley , Please , send a bio to Andreas . Vince
John , I am not sure if I have already sent you this resume . Please , take a look at it . I met Claude a few years ago and was greatly impressed by him . He may be a good candidate to work with Andy Zipper . Vince
I have informed Ryan Siurek ( cc Rick Buy ) on Oct 4 that I cannot sign off on any analysis done by our group without looking at full set of legal documents related to the LJM transactions . Those documents were not provided and therefore we cannot sign off on any analysis done in the past . I have come to a conclusion that we cannot support the valuations based on verbal and often conflicting information , without doing full due diligence . Feel free to provide the information to Kimberly but , please , inform her I cannot support the quantitative analysis we have done in the past . I am especially concerned about the conflict between the existence of the restriction and the existence of a put that are , in my view , mutually exclusive . Vince
Yes , it wasn't easy . Thanks for stepping in on such a short notice . Vince
Mike , What would be the best starting date ? Your call . He can cover the Dec 25 shift . Vince
Steve , I will talk to Greg in 25 minutes about it . They sent a proposal . Vince
Gwyn , It's very thoughtful of you but you should go ahead and continue the lessons . Vince
FYI . I shall send you the summary of action items later today . Vince
Luigi , No problem . We shall be glad to have you as an associate . What about a lunch next week ? Vince
Angelika , I shall be honored to serve as a chairman . Vince
Angelika , Working on it . Vince
Where ? I am in a meeting . Vince
I may run afew minslate . Ninfa's ?
Where do we go ? 8 may be few mins late . Vince
Chris , I shall get a copy of the book on Monday and will get a copy of the paper for you . Vince
Jeff , Congratulations and good luck . It's comforting that there is somebody who can recognize insanity when he sees it . Vince
Yes . Plz subscribe . Let me know if you see something interesting . Vince
John , He travels periodically to Houston . I may inquire about his next trip . If you want to speak to him urgently , I can arrange a phone interview or invite him to Houston . Vince
John , Additional info . He prefers Houston . Vince
Look forward to meeting you . Next week , Monday through Wednesday would work for me . I shall be traveling for the rest of that week . Vince
Mac , I am glad I did not fail you completely . As you know by now , we have hit some turbulence and I had to stay in Houston . Vince
Confirmed . 7:00 would work better for me . Vince
Tony , It was a very hectic period . I shall catch you one day and give you an update . Vince
Shirley , Please , set up a phone interview: TT Vince
Test
Remi , Dave: First of all I want to thank you for your hospitality and to apologize for a delay in responding to you . It was quite a tumultuous week and the turbulence continues . The outline of commitments with the information on what I have done to jumpstart the process . 1 . Review of the CEPEL model / simplified model . Chonawee started the review process , with the help of our two native Portuguese speakers . Less complicated/faster to run model will follow . 2 . SDDP . As you know Tom Halliburton is in Norway this week . They put their grimy fingers on him first . He will be back next week and will help you to set up the SDDP runs . He even volunteer to stay on the job for a few days longer to help you with the project . 3 . Transmission modeling . Martin Lin will call Dave to jumpstart the process . 4 . Zimin will call David regarding swing option model , option pricing models for non-standard distributions and truncated distributions . 5 . Cooperation with the SA University in the area of the weather research Remains to be discussed with Jose and Mike . Vince
Can u stop at the office on the way home . New building , 4th floor , near Ray Bowen's office . Vince
David , She was a student at Rice University who took my class . A very smart person . Has this position been posted by your group ? Vince
Helen , I have forwarded my recommendation to the person who posted this position . Vince
My apologies for the delay . As you know we have hit some turbulence here at Enron and I was quite busy . The title of the talk: Measurement of Volatility in the Energy Markets: 1 . Importance of volatility in financial engineering a . option pricing b . risk management c . legacy software systems 2 . Is volatility the right tool for energy markets ? 3 . The dynamics of energy prices in the US markets in recent years: a few stylized facts 4 . Alternative theoretical tools to represent price dynamics: the importance of dialogue between academics and practitioners Also , can you give me some indication of the timing of different meetings ? Vince
Sam I asked Maureen to write on my behalf . Vince
Kevin , Plz expense the cake . It's very thoughtful of you . Vince
Peter , Thank you for the invitation . Unfortunately , I have to decline . I am attending another conference at the same time Vince
James , I am sorry to inform you that we are unlikely to be hiring in the next 4-6 months . Vince
It worked Vince
FYI Vince
Shirley , Vince
Brian , What about the weekend ? I am in Atlanta Thursday . Vince
Thanks . This is my itinerary . The flight arrives relatively early . Can we schedule an early dinner ( let's say 5:30 or 6:00 p.m) ? Vince
Jim , Thanks for your patience . Greg is quite busy right now . I saw him this morning and told him that I would like to schedule a separate meeting to discuss your proposal . Hopefully , this will happen later this week . I am forwarding your request to Jay Webb who is in charge of the EOL system . I shall let you know as soon as I can if we can give you a visitor account . Vince
Jay , Jim from Prediction Company inquired about a visitor account . Can we give it to him ? Vince
Ed , Thanks for your message . I appreciate your kind words and your concern . I cannot open the file you sent me . Can you resend it as a . doc or . pdf file ? Vince
Ed , Can you resend it ? The first file you sent may have been corrupted . Vince
Ed No attachments are coming through . Can you send a new msg starting from scratch ? Vince
Ed , The file comes across as winmail.dat not as a . doc file or a . pdf file . It happens in the case of some E-mail systems: the files get encoded and then they don't get decoded correctly . Vince
Ed , I got your fax . Thanks for your kind words about Enron . Every business hits turbulence from time to time but I am not losing sleep over it . I am a bit concerned about the last two paragraphs and references to LTCM and MG . I am afraid they can be taken out of context and misinterpreted . Thanks
Thanks . Vince
John , Everything is fine . I am quite busy but as always I enjoy reading your articles . Always learning something from you . Vince
I shall find out who was trying to reach you . It will help if your uncle knows all the details ( your cell number , etc. ) Vince
Mark , FYI . Ed Krapels is well known in the industry and has many followers . He likes Enron and has always had a good relationship with us . Would you like to use his help to present our agenda to the energy industry . Vince
Ed , Thanks . I have forwarded your message to Mark Palmer , our press spokesman . He has a full plate , as you might expect , but I strongly suggested that he should get in touch with you . Vince
Michelle , Thanks for your help . The name of the employee I talked about is Krishnarao , Pinnamaneni . Vince
Michelle , It was based on work needs , exceptional talent . Vince
Please , check if you can open . Vince
Krishna , FYI
Brian , What about drinks after work on Friday ? There is a festival of Polish films and you are welcomed to join us later on Friday at 7:00 at the Angelica Movie Center . Please , cc vkaminski@aol.com . I am off to Atlanta tonight . Vince
Brian Check Forum Polonia Houston on Internetm Google will take you right to the site . See you n Friday . Vince .
Shirley Plz fwd to Krishna Vince
Shirley Plz let Angelika know Zimin will do workshop as well . Where is the stock price ? Vince
Gretchen , Thanks . My size is medium . Vince
Traci , I have visited Georgia Tech on Thursday . One of the students indicated that he is interested in a summer internship . He came across as a very bright person , very personable . I can take him as a summer intern . Vince
Todd , Thanks for the opportunity to speak at the conference . It was a great pleasure to see you again . Zimin Lu briefed me about Tuesday and Wednesday and told me the presentations were very interesting . Vince
Angelika , Sorry for a short notice but unexpected is part of the corporate life . Zimin will cover both my presentation and the workshop - he is a very good speaker and I am sure he will do a better job that I could do . Vince
Gayle , I got home quite late last night . Here is the title of the presentation: Volatility of Energy Prices in the US Markets . Implications for Market and Credit Risk Management . Vince
FYI Vince
Brian , What about meeting around 5:50 - 6:00 p.m . at the Angelica Movie Center on Smith . There is an underground parking between Smith and Louisiana and the movie theater will validate your parking ticket . There are several bars at the center . The movie starts at 7:00 with some boring speeches . Saturday should be more interesting - it's a comedy day . Vince
Hee Jung , Thanks . Do you have your resume by any chance ? I could keep it on file for future reference . Vince
FYI
Brian , See you at Cabo . Vince
Visit , Thanks for your message . Can you send me the data you used: I shall take a look at it . Vince
Chris , Plz contact Shirley Crenshaw ( X 3-5290 ) regarding a copy of an article . Vince
Traci , Thanks . This is the best solution given all the uncertainties we face . Vince
FYI Vince P.S . Tom , Please , contact Vernon and get the details .
Clayton , Thanks . We shall set up a meeting with you later this week . Vince
Sam , It's coming soon . Vince
Bob , can you please take a look at the following article for today Column ? Vince
Jeff , I am attaching his resume . It has the phone number . Vince
Mike , Steve , Let's get together . What day would work for you ? Vince
Pam , Change of plans . I shall be able to make a presentation on my course next Monday . Vince
Hello: What about Thu the following week ? I am going to Baylor on the 15th . Vince
Steve , It shows who is smart . Tuesday will work for me . Vince
In around 8.30 Vince
Stan , Given the recent developments related to the DPC project , I would like to offer the help of my group in providing analytical support in evaluating different options that are open to us . One member of my group , Sandeep Kohli , worked for years for DPC in Mumbai and has not only good understanding of all the related contracts , but also excellent relationships with the major stakeholders , partners and regulatory authorities . He has also excellent analytical skills . His recent project was related to evaluation of the potential for developing power markets around Maharashtra , to improve economic viability of the DPC project ( Dec 2000 - February 2001 ) - a presentation is attached . Please , feel free to ask Jim Hughes about Sandeep's skills and dedication to the company . Vince Kaminski
Gayle , I need an LDC projector and an overhead projector as a backup . My PowerPoint presentation will be on a PC . I shall come early to test the equipment . Please give me a few hints: - exact address - best parking lot for the building - how to contact you on arrival . Vince
We should enroll . Vince
I concur . We may be very busy in the next few months . Vince
Jan , Please , check the following Lotus Notes folders for information relevant to the LJM litigation: Vince Kaminski
Jan , Yes , if this is the procedure . Also , you will receive tomorrow hard copies of the documents that I have compiled . Vince
The course is designed to fit the background of a typical MBA student . I don't see a major problem with the pre-reqs . Vince
Gina , Do you have a home E-mail address ? I can send you directions to my house tonight . Vince
Brian , Do you have an Email address at home ? I shall send you directions . Vince
David , WSJ made the same point . Vince
Paulo Any news ? Vince
Brian , Thanks for coming . It was great to have you with us last weekend . I shall ask Vin about Blackbird . I think he should get a job ASAP . Otherwisw , he will go insane staying home with two aging parents . Vince
Sam , Either later today or tomorrow . Vince
Lane , Thanks . I shall attend . Please , attach the list of the current members of the committee . Vince Kaminski
Sam , It's coming . Vince
What about a lunch or breakfast on Monday or Tuesday next week ? I am traveling later this week .
Jeff , The more I think about the Tiger Team at Wharton the more I am convinced we should cancel our participation this year . It's a long-term commitment and we face too many uncertainties in the next few months . Please , let me know what you think . Vince
Molly , I don't see how we can hire anybody under the circumstances . The main objectives is to protect the employees we already have on the payroll . Vince
The best place to meet is Andrews Street ( between the Enron building and the church) . I shall meet you there at 11:45 on Monday , November 19 . Vince
Stop by any time . Vince
Thanks for your message . No change here , I am doing just fine . I have always kept my common sense that allows me to recognize insanity when I see one . Vince
Change of plans . I shall be able to attend the meeting of the Advisory Board on Wednesday . Vince
Makes sense . The customers were engaging in risk reducing trades to lower their exposure . I am curious about the most recent volumes . Vince
Tom , Do you have transactions breakdown by commodity , and volume weighted ? Vince
John , Can you send me the directions to your building ? You can cc my home E-mail address vkaminski@aol.com . Thanks
Kai , Thanks for your message . I am glad you landed in a very good company . No decision yet . The first priority for me is to make sure the members of the group have a soft landing . Then I shall decide what I want to do next . Vince
Jim , Current headcount of the group is 49 , including assistants , associates and analysts , and part-time employees . The core group head count is 36 professionals . I am attaching a spreadsheet that gives you affiliation of each employee with the primary unit he/she supports . Some people support multiple units but I ignore such details . What is shown below are the percentage cost allocations to different Enron units . The allocations are based on the averages from the last year and will apply to 2002 . Vince
Sam , Here it comes . Vince
Gayle , It was my pleasure . Vince
Thanks . The same to you . Vince
Good luck . I am sure your presentation will inspire a lot of interest . Vince
Thursday would work for me . Vince
Steve , On verra . Vince
Sam , I will have it later today or tomorrow . Vince
Confirmed . Vince
Makes sense to cancel . Vince
Deborah , Thanks for your message and the update about the course . I have received very good feedback about the workshop and I can only regret I could not attend it myself . Your invoice has been entered into the system for immediate processing . Vince
David , Thanks for your message . I am doing fine , considering the circumstances . What about Wednesday , December 5 . I can meet you at your hotel . My cell phone number , just in case , is 713 410 5396 . Look forward to meeting you . Vince
David , What about coffee sometimes on Thursday , November 29 ? We could have coffee at Hyatt or at the lobby of the Enron Building ( 1400 Smith , 2 blocs from the Hyatt) . I could show you our trading floors in the new building . Please , cc vkaminski@aol.com as well . Vince
Kate , Thanks for your message . With all the turbulence going on in Enron it's difficult for anybody to leave the office for an extended period of time . We shall have to abstain this time and hope to join you in the future . Vince
I shall try to attend Peter Carr's seminar . Of course , given the level of turbulence we have been experiencing my plans may change on a very short notice . We can chat for a few minutes before or after the seminar about my association with UofH . Vince
Sam , I shall try to get it by tomorrow . Vince
Donald , Thanks for your interest in Enron . I shall be glad to talk to you about the energy industry needs for quants and what you can do to prepare yourself for the job search . Please , call me at 713 853 3848 to set up a meeting or call my assistant , Shirley Crenshaw , at 713 853 5290 . The prospects for employment with Enron , in your field , are rather uncertain at this point . I do not anticipate any hiring over the next 12 months . Vince Kaminski
Jose , Thank you for your interest in Enron . I don't know at this point if we are going to offer any internships in the summer of 2002 . My assistant , Shirley Crenshaw , will send you the reprints of my publications . Vince
Randy , I shall be glad to chat with you when we receive more information . Uncertainty should be resolved by the end of the week . Please , give me a call next week . Vince
Alexander , Sorry for a delay in responding to your message . I don't anticipate at this point any hiring at Enron for my group over the next 12 months . I shall contact you if the situation changes . Vince Kaminski
Andrea , Thanks . The feeling is mutual - I hope we shall emerge stronger and better people after it's all over . Here is my personal infomration: 10 Snowbird Place The Woodlands Vince
Shirley , Looks good . Please cc Anne Labbe . Vince
Dale , Thanks . My son will caall him . Vince
Valery , Thanks a lot . I really appreciate a few words comfort under these unusual circumstances . Vince
Grant , Thanks . I shall call you later tonight . Vince
FYI Vince
John Ed Mills' phone number Vince
Shawn , What about Tuesday or Wednesday ? Vince
It may be too late but file an expense report for it . Vince
Hello HeeJung , Let's stay in touch . Please , give me a call one day . Vince
Julie , Thanks for thinking about us . I shall send you some E-mail addresses from home . Vince
Shirley , Please , cancel the talk . Vince
Peter , Thanks for your words of comfort . The higher you fly , the harder you crash . Books will be written about this company . I don't worry too much about myself . I have about fifty employees in Houston and 10 in London who need help . I am trying to find jobs for them using my contacts in the industry . Personally , I have many options that have come up in the last few days but everything is on hold for the time being till uncertainty is resolved here at Enron . Vince
Anytime Wednesday or Thursday would work for me . Vince
Ron , It was a pleasure to work with you . Let's stay in touch . Here are my coordinates: Vince Kaminski 10 Snowbird The Woodlands , TX 77381 Good luck Vince
Wednesday will work for me . What is the most convenient time for you ? Vince
I shall see you at 11:30 tomorrow . Vince
Shawn , I was about to call you . I have an emergency here . Can we push the lunch to Friday ? Vince
Shawn , Sorry again . Breakfast on Friday would work . What about Hyatt Regency , 7:00 or 7:30 ? Vince
Shawn , Confirmed . Vince
Amy , I am comfortable with the number for Vasant , I recommend $95,000 for Paulo . Vince
Anne , This is a resignation letter from Paulo . Vince
Marek , I am doing OK . Talk to you over the weekend . Vince
Matt , I am sending you as promised the PowerPoint presentations about different units of the Research Group . As you know , the current plan is to transfer 4 meteorologists from my group and 2 pure quants to the new company . I have no commitments from the pure quant side at this point , so I cannot give you any specific names . Vince Kaminski
Angela , So far , nobody in my group who was asked about Netco , including myself , expressed interest in this new company . Also , one modification of the list since Friday . Paulo Issler quit last week . Vince Kaminski
Anne , What about 2:00 or 3:00 p.m. ? Your choice . Vince
Pamela , Thanks for the invitation . I regret to inform you I have to decline given all the uncertainty here at Enron . Vince Kaminski
Shirley , Please , enroll me . Vince
Anne , It was a great pleasure working with you . I hope everything will work out for you when the dust settles . Please , let me know if thee is anything I can do for you . Vince
Anne , 2:30 works for me . Vince
Candice , Thanks a lot . So far , we are intact as a group but not for long . The best holiday wishes to you and your family . Vince
David , Please , call Zimin Lu tomorrow with any question regarding this C program . Vince
Soma , It was a pleasure working with you . Let's stay in touch . Here are my coordinates: Vince Kaminski Vince
Mark , Dan Wilchins from Reuters ( 646 ) 223 6320 asked for an interview . I told him that all requests have to be cleared by PR first . I would never take your job . Good luck . Vince
We shall meet Pak Ho today at 4:00 at the Executive Dining Room on the 50th floor . His extension is 3-5897 . Vince
Brian , No problem , but do not rush your departure . There may some job opportunities here soon . Vince
Shawn , Sorry , I shall be in NYC on Tuesday . What about Wednesday or Thursday ? Vince
Shawn , Let's meet on Wednesday , next week at noon . Vince
Let's meet for coffee Friday ( I am tomorrow) . I'll tell you more . Vince
Ann , I shall be glad to help you in any way I can . Please , give me a call ( 713 853 3848 ) to set up a meeting . I shall ask Shirley to distribute your message to the entire group and ask for the volunteers who will be interested in discussing their experience with you . Vince
Gwyn , We can meet next week on Wednesday . Vince
Sarah , I could not open the attachment: it's password protected . Two persons left recently the group: Paulo Issler and Amitava Dhar . I am out on Monday and Tuesday . Vince
Candice , Thanks for your kind offer . Please , get in touch with us when you come to Houston . We may not be around much longer . Vince
Shawn , 11:50 - 11:55 would be fine . Vince
Here are my coordinates in case you want to contact me when the Enron address and phone numbers are no longer operational: Vince Kaminski 10 Snowbird The Woodlands , TX 77381 vkaminski@aol com Happy Holidays to You and George . Vince
FYI Vince
Anita , Is Maureen , Gwyn or Mitra in the office tomorrow ? Candace Kao woul like to stop by at 9:00 to say Hello and ask if she could help us with any projects . Vince
Anita , Can you call Maureen and ask if she plans to come to the office ? Vince
Valery Thanks a lot . The same to you . Have a Very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year . Vince
The same to you . I wish you a very Happy New Year . Vince
Thanks for your message . I look forward to meeting you in January . Vince
Anne , Thanks . Enjoy your trip . I hope you come back in one piece . Vince
Wealth Partners Presents a Special Program for Ex-Enron Employees , entitled Transitions: Your Job , Your Career , Your Family , Your Finances Keeping it all together , through the change . Four Dynamic Experts will address several of the key issues that are important to you , right now , during a period of transition . Kathie Nordt , president of I-focus , a technical recruiting firm , will discuss how to market yourself in the new tight market environment . John Elder , creator of a grass-roots investment program to develop abandoned research begun by Enron , will discuss the metaphor of "gold in abandoned mines." Kimber Seal , Ph.D . in psychology , will discuss the very human element of anxiety presented during transitions , and how to keep the family harmonious during this time . Bill Dendy , Certified Financial Planner , will discuss personal finances during transition; your choices , challenges , and opportunities . Seminar Location and Times For your convenience , this workshop will be held at three different times and locations in the Houston area . Choose the one that fits your schedule , and RSVP today to reserve your place . 1st Workshop - Saturday , January 5th at the NASA Hilton Clear Lake in the Captain Room , from 6:30 to 8:30pm . 2nd Workshop - Monday , January 7th at the Houston City Club in the Founders II room , from 6:30 to 8:30pm . 3rd Workshop - Tuesday , January 8th at the Woodlands Drury Inn room 107 , from 6:30 to 8:30pm . We have limited seating so please reserve your spot now by calling
713-320-5473 ( cell ) 713-796-1437 ( home )
Bob , Thanks for your kind words . I shall circulate your information among my associates . Happy New Year to you and your staff . Vince
Greg , My personal E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com Vince
Kit Flanagan Littler Mendelson
Gordon My E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com Good Luck . Vince
Shawn , Can we push our meting till Monday ? I have to be in Chicago Thursday and Friday this week . Stinson will be back by then and we can have a meeting at his house . Have a Happy and Healthy New Year . Vince
Bob , I shall send you a formal letter of recommendation for Chonawee . He is an exceptionally talented and hard working quant and I am confident that he will be a great addition to the faculty your School . Vince
Shirley , I shall be out on Thursday . Please , remind me about this . Vince
FYI Vince
1 Cindy Skinner 3 Martin 5 Lawyer
Please , cancel my membership .
Bob , I hope it went to the right Williams the first time . Vince
Resending
Please , cancel my membership in Enron PAC . Vince Kaminski
Thanks . I will join you for lunch . I shall reserve time on Friday to give you a guided tour . After Friday it's a different company and access to the floors will be restricted . Vince
Ronda , I am not surprised you have no attendees from Enron . We can pay neither for the conference nor for the trip to New York . I shall be glad to talk to you about the conference but I cannot attend in any capacity . Vince
I am forwarding you a resignation letter from C . Supatgiat . Thanks for your help today . Vince
I can extend you leave of absence till January 15 . Vince
You will receive an update on the situation tomorrow . Vince
Whom can you recommend ? So many people have left . Vince
Bob , Additional info from Cindy Skinner . Vince
Shirley , I shall be in the office tomorrow after 12 . I am going to the UofH lecture at the Bauer Business School . Please , take a look at this message . It outlines the process we have to follow . Vince
Kevin , Thanks for your kind words . We shall be around for a few more days and I shall catch up with you before I go . I may hang around till 1/31 . I am thinking about organizing a reunion of the Group in a few months . See you there . Vince
Jo , Thanks for your message . I am sure Nelson would consider consulting though it does not guarantee any continuity of support for you . Please , let me know what you decide to do over the next few days . The curtain will drop on my group on Tuesday . In case we shall not connect before Tuesday , let me say it was a privilege working with you . I wish you luck with Enron or any other company you may work for in the future . Vince
I had a lunch today with Rob Ladd from Duke ( company , not university) . He is a Rice graduate and I mentioned to him the seminars that Enron was sponsoring . He is willing to talk to you about substituting Duke for Enron as a sponsor of the seminar program . Please , contact him at rtladd@duke-capitalpartners.com . His cell phone number is 704 756 5354 . I am working on the power price time series for you but I may run out of time . Vince
Resume for Ehud
Barbara , My tenure at Enron is coming to an end . I am passing your data request to another person and hopefully you will get some help . When can we call you next week ? Vince
Ann , FYI Vince
Ann , FYI Vince
Thank you . Vince
Shirley , Please , put this on an official form . Vince
Maureen . OK Vince
Martin , Barbara's number: Vince
Thank you for registering for a trial of Fincad.net . Please use this Username and Password to login to the system . Username=vkaminski Password=7138533848
I shall be out on Thursday and possibly Friday . What about a lunch on Wednesday ? We can also meet on any day next week . Vince
Todd , Thanks for the invitation . I shall be very glad to speak at this conference . Vince
Please , give me a call Monday or Tuesday next week . I shall be very glad to meet you for lunch . Vince
Monday ( 1/21) , 11 p.m . is confirmed . Vince
Test Vince
PAGE=LAWRESEARCH: LAW FIRM DIRECTORY H LOADING_TIME=0.421 seconds SUBMITTER|
Congratulations Vince
Hill , I shall be with Enron till January 31st . I shall be glad to join you at this meeting and chat about my plans . Vince
Walt , I have set up a meeting with Bob Williams , Enron lawyer , to discuss the issue of indemnification . The meeting is at 8:30 , old Enron building . Let's meet in the lobby of the building ( the old building , the bigger one ) at 8:15 . Please , confirm . Vince
10:00 Sat
Test
I fully agree . I don't want any complications after I leave Enron . Please , ask Jim Fallon to ask more specific letter . I am out Thu . Thanks , Vince
My last day is Jan 31 . The group was disbanded on Tue . Jim Fallon told me not to do anything till I receive a formal letter from him instructing me to transfer the software . He will writwe a letter today . Vince
Edith , Thanks for your message . My coordinates: Vincent Kaminski Managing Director Enron Corp . 1400 Smith Room EB1962 Vince
No problem . Please , coordinate with Shirley . Vince
Harry , I shall be very happy to assist you with TrueHelp . I shall also ask my neighbor if he wants to work with us . My info Vince Kaminski 10 Snowbird Place The Woodlands , TX 77381 Vince
Tricia , The group has been disbanded as of Jan 15 . My last day will be on the 31st . I will call you on weekend . What is your current phone number ? Vince Kaminski 10 Snowbird Place The Woodlands , TX 77381 Vince
My coordinates: Vince Kaminski 10 Snowbird Place The Woodlands , TX 77381 Vince
Upton Sinclair It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it . Upton Sinclair
Michael , I really appreciate it . It will be a great opportunity to give you an update about my plans . I hope to continue working in the energy industry and continue as a customer of CERA once I move to a new position . My last day at Enron will be January the 31st . My personal E-mail address in the interim period is vkaminski@aol.com . I assume I can just show up on the first day of your conference . Vince
Shirley Another letter for Chonawee . Vince
Andreas , My private E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com My phone number is 713 410 5396 ( cell ) Vince
A request for help . I have quite a few letters of recommendation to write today and it's not going to be an easy day . Can you help me with this letter for Shalesh ? The job description is attached . Vince
Thanks Vince
Jason , Please , give me a call at 713 853 3848 and we can meet for coffee . Vince
Anne , I have good business reasons to approve carryover in excess of 40 hours for Mike Roberts and his group . Shane Green is not in my group . Vince
Rob , The orgchart per your request . Did you follow up on my suggestion regarding the PC ? My secretary can give you the serial number of the CPU and you can scan the hard drive for recently created/deleted files . IT guys took all the old PCs my group was using away . Vince
Martin , Can you prepare a draft of recommendation for Eric ? I can elaborate more and sign it . Vince
Shirley , Letter for Shalesh . Vince
Please , keep in mind , that the members of the Research Group who stayed behind to facilitate the transition will be leaving for good , in a week . We have to accelerate the process . Vince
For Jim Hawkins Vince Kaminski
Jesus , What about the first few days of February ? My last day is the 31st . Vince
Martin , A request for the letter of recommendation . Vince
If you cannot find the answer , please call Zimin . I shall call him at home tonight as well . Vince
Steve , Sean sent me message that he figured out the problem . He is a good man . I shall check on the status of the transfer tomorrow . Vince
Nelson , FBI took my laptop . I hope to have it back . Vince
Jason , My personal E-mail address is Good luck to you . Vince
Dennis , I shall be very glad to meet with you . I have to visit the campus next week to talk to the Dean about some other issues . I shall give you a call when this meeting is scheduled . Vince My personal information: Vince Kaminski 10 Snowbird Place The Woodlands , TX 77381
I shall be glad to serve on the re-defined panel . There may be some things I will be unable to comment upon due to on-going investigations . I should finalize my Austin trip plans in a day or so . I will let you know . Vince
Steve , Things seem to be under control as of noon today ( Tue) . I look fwd to the evening with you , your wife and the rest of the Woodlands gang on Saturday . I eat everything except for broccoli . Vince
Bill , Delayed congratulations . Vince
Shirley , Did we send this one ? Vince
Bill , Lacima is relatively small , but they have two very competent and experienced principals: Chris Strickland and Les Clewlow . I am looking right now at a number of options . Hopefully , I shall make a decision within a few weeks . Vince
Bill , Yes , one of the options I am looking at . Vince
Bill , I am relatively advanced in my negotiations with one company . Let me find out first if I can close the deal . If not , I shall get in touch with you . I shall let you know in any case . Vince
I have a customer that would like to be set up on Enron Online . He is a wimby and under our contract with him , he will back to back each trade with public Service Company of colorado . In other words , he doesn't have his own credit . Could you set him up , at least with a temporary password ? His info is as follows: Sandia Resources Jerry Padilla Let me know if you have any questions . And please let me know when you send him a password . Thanks , Kim Ward Portland
It was painful !  Actually made it through an airplane flight , 2 meetings , a reception , and dinner! !
Ann , Attached is a draft of Enron's response to your request for proposals for gas supply to power generation plant in development by Calpeak Power , LLC . As requested , Enron has provided indexed pricing with the option to convert to various fixed priced products during the term of the agreement . The options presented are not intended to represent a complete list of opportunities , but are representative of the different pricing structures Enron offers . There are several additional structures available and we look forward to discussing these options with you . Please call me with any questions you might have regarding the proposal . I look forward to hearing from you soon . Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
AS we discussed .
Bob , I had our contracts folks look into any contracts we had with LADWP . It looks like we have something that would cover short term transactions . However , in order to enter into a 12 month or longer transaction , we will need to put a master purchase/sale agreement in place . I asked legal to send our standard agreement to you . I hope that you will take a look at it . Any questions or issues that you might have with it , you can bring to my attention and I will make sure the appropriate parties are brought into the conversation . Also , I have attached the prices that you asked for earlier . Let me know if you need anything else! ! Thanks , Kim
Attached is the latest term sheet for Pasadena for April through August . Just wanted to share with you what we were going to be doing with them in the near term . Ann , could you help me get this deal into the system ? PLEASE let me know if any of you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Dan , Attached is a term sheet that has been agreed to with the City of Pasadena to extend a current deal that we have with some minor changes . Could you help me put together the confirmation ? Please call me with any questions . Thanks , Kim
Lynn , I thought you might be interested in the new draft proposal for the QFs in Cali . Kim
Dan , El Paso Electric's lawyer is Will Garant and his number is 512-495-8832 . He is the one dealing with our LT contract and is familiar with the collateral issues . Matt Henry is the lawyer that drafted their long term contract attached . I can get his number if you need it but I think he works at the same firm as Will . Let me know what I can do to help and if you have any questions . Thanks again for your help . Kim
Dan , Can you send a template of the GISB agreement to this guy ? thanks , Kim
I got the agreement this morning but they misspelled Roseville! ! I am having them change it and will email it to you when I get it . Do you want me to send you a hard copy or is an email version ok with you ? Let me know - Thanks , Kim PS How are things ?
Roger , I don't know if you are the one to send this to but i am starting with you - let me know what we can do to take care of this EES customer . Thanks , Kim
Chris , Attached is a draft copy of a Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for physical natural gas transactions . We are working on some of the information that Bonnie sent us and will be in touch next week with some ideas . It would be good for us to go ahead and get things rolling with this contract so we will be prepared to enter into transactions , whether they fall within the the realm of the management services agreement or not . Please call me with any questions you might have . My legal guys are standing by to assist , too . Have a good weekend - Kim Ward
Steve , Attached is a draft copy of our master purchase/sale contract that we discussed . Let me know if you have any questions - I will have my legal department standing by to assist . Thanks , Kim Ward
Ann , I just spoke with Jay Williams from our credit department and he only needs CalPeak's latest audited financial statements with management notes . Any additional information that helps us understand the company and how it is set up will be helpful . Sending this information overnight will probobly be our best bet . My address is as follows: 1400 Smith Street , EB3206a Also , Jay's phone number is 713-345-3923 . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Hi Jeff , Laird gave me your name and number so that I can pass on notional price information that you asked for . Let me know anytime you need to see our price indications and I will do what I can to help you . I know that Laird has worked with you guys extensively . The prices that he said you were looking at are listed below and are based on PG&E City gate prices: I tried to call but it was after hours for you . Give me a call and let me know where you are with your gas supply negotiations and I will try to pick up where Laird left off . Regards , Kim Ward
Chris , this looks good to me . Stephanie is checking with Transwestern to see what their parking/lending fees would be for weekends , just for an idea . I am also talking to the desk . I will keep you posted . Kim
The answer about environmentalist making it hard to build power plants in california is YES . Even with load growth and , asset divestiture they wouldn't face the facts that the supply/demand picture was messed up . They wanted all of the plants to be built in other states such as Arizona and Nevada . Environmentalists ( fish people ) were trying to get rid of the hydro dams in the Pac NW . It is definitely an issue they , as well as California will experience this year as the dams are only filled to 55% of normal . This equates to approximately 3000-4000 MWh short . Typically in the summer , the pac NW exports about 4200 MWH to California . Guess what - there will be no exports this summer . The light WILL go out in Cali!!! !
when is the meeting and where ? thanks , Kim
Chris , The package you sent me was delayed due to weather - I should get it in am .
Dan , An EFO is a result of parties not complying with an OFO after multiple notices . PG&E can confiscate gas if a scheduling party is not in compliance . The same rules apply to an EFO as an OFO . EFO stands for Emergency flow orThanks , Kim
Sara , I would like to set up a conference call with you and my counterparts at the City of Glendale . They have some questions regarding some currency language . Just let me know when you are available and I will set it up with Glendale . I'm sorry I can't be more clear - I got the information off of a voice message . Call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Mark , The best person to talk to about the ISDA is me . I discussed an ISDA with Tim Roberts when I was in the Salt River offices on March 23rd . A draft ISDA was sent to Bill Abraham on November 17 , 1999 . I requested for a new legal review on 3/28/01 . Let me know if you need a new draft and I can send you or Tim a copy . My number is 713-853-0685 . Thanks for your inquiry - Kim Ward
I just got your documents . Call me .
Send me your phone list as soon as you get a chance - my fax is 713-464-2391 , phone 30685 . THanks , Kim
Going to Scottsdale Wednesday night for a little sun , spa , and relaxation ! Have fun in Houston -
Willis , I just got off of the phone with my credit guy - He says that most of the people on this list are not public companies . It would be very helpful and will expedite the process if you could get the latest audited financial statements , with notes , from each of these companies . With the PG&E thing , credit is swamped , but , if I had the info in hand , I could push our cause . Thanks , Kim
Got your voice mail message . Just email your list to me . Thanks , Kim
Hello everyone , Attached is a spreadsheet showing all fixed price deals that I have done with Pasadena as well as my term sheet for February and March . I am working with Patti and Anne Bike to make sure things are in the system as best they can be . Please let me know if you have any questions and I will be glad to help you as much as I can . I am out of the office until Monday . Thanks , Kim Ward
Chris , When you get a chance , I have a couple of questions about this term sheet . i.e. , 8:00 vs 8:30 .
Jeff , Attached is our sample agreement . Our legal guys are standing by to answer any questions . Let me know if there is anything else that you need . Thanks , Kim
I will try to find out and let you know .
Jeff , If you have the tracking number for the financial info you sent , I can track it down this morning . Let me know . Thanks , Kim
Have we been able to put something together for Hanvover ? Let me know - they keep calling . Thanks , Kim
Wes , Attached is our Master Firm Purchase/Sale agreement for physical natural gas transactions . Let me know if you have any questions - I can have our legal team standing by to answer them . Also , if you need any price info , just let me know . Thanks , Kim Ward
we should get financials from Knauf friday morning in the over night mail - I will keep you posted . I think we can get this deal . Also , we are three more deals and $100,000 closer to Pebble Beach - I sold gas to Palo Alto yesterday . How are things coming with Willis Bennett's customers ?
Laird , Call me if you have any quesitons . Thanks , Kim
Sorry ,
they look good to me . Thanks for letting me take a look ! Kim
Thanks Dan ! Kim
Lynn , Attached is our confirm for May . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else ! Thanks , Kim
Trip was great! ! Got some sun , some spa treatments , and drank frozen girlie drinks . Can't wait for Cozumel! ! Any more bad dates lately ? I had one last night - a man with a little too much personality for me! !
Dan , Most things here look good . From my term sheet , page 1 under El Paso Capacity , what about selling them San Juan gas ? ( B. ) And what about page three , number 8 ? Let me know - thanks , Kim
Scott , Attached is our physical firm Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for Natural Gas Transactions . Give me a call if you have any questions . Once we get this in place , we will be able to enter into any gas transactions and we won't have to worry about contracts . Thanks , Kim
Frank , I just spoke to Jan Kennedy and they are going out for an RFP for their gas supply once our contract with them runs out . She "recommended" that I tak e a look at your response to the last RFP because it was so good - far surpassing any of the other responses! ! If you still have a copy or a file of that response , would you mind if I took a look at it ? thanks , Kim
Sara , Attached is Salt River Projects ISDA attachments . I know that we have previously sent them our attachments ( in 1999) . Mark Russell of SRP will be contacting you to negotiate this agreement . I hope it is ok that I have him your name . Please let me know if there is anything that I can do to help and keep me posted on developments . Thanks ! Kim
Sara , I am available all day wednesday but will be out of the office on Thursday . Let me know when you would like to meet . Thanks , Kim
Dan Hyvl - we sent them a draft two/three weeks ago .
Laird , City of Corona California planning for form a muni utility and purchase power generators . Article in today's NGI . Let's get 'em !
Eric , Attached is a spreadsheet with the price indications you asked for . I hope it is helpful . Let me know if there is anything else you need . Thanks , Kim
Where is Moab - the place where you burn your feet ? Barry is in Canada - for his grandmother' funeral . Went out with him - too forward and outspoken for me - at least for a first date! ! And you thought I had a strong personality!! ! Going to Palo Alto Thursday - hope to get a management services deal .
socal indicative offers: 1 year out of august = $12.76 , 3 years = $8.50 ,  and 5 years = $7.15 . sorry but bid week is hard to just work up prices . next week should be better . Kim
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU LAST NIGHT ? SEND ME AN EMAIL - WITHOUT REPLYING TO THIS ONE USING KIM.WARD@ENRON.COM . WE JUST MIGRATED TO OUTLOOK AND I AM HAVING CONFLICTS WITH THE KIM WARD IN LONDON . THANKS !
Monica , Attached are the price indications that you asked for . Let me know if you want to do anything or if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Knauf keeps teasing me .
Tony , I am still working on a term sheet for you . I was hoping to get you something today but got pulled away . Also , I still need to talk to our transportation expert regarding your situation . Hopefully , I will have something tomarrow . I will be in touch ! Thanks , Kim Ward
Art , Attached is the contract that would govern this transaction . Barry and I have discussed San Juan risks but we are willing to take it - however , the actual offer at this time is $4.65 for 15,000 to 20,000 delivered at the Blanco Pool . When you are ready to transact , I will update the exact price at that time . Let me know what you want to do . Thanks , Kim
Lou , Attached is the RFP response we discussed . Enron has the capability of offering an array of risk management products . We are unable to provide gas to you at Malin as we do not own firm transportation on the Redwood line . Please call me with any questions that you might have . Thanks , Kim Ward
Just got your message - I think you should try to come - if you can stand the humidity!! ! Would love to see you ! Kim
I just heard through the vine that APS is short about 2000 MW during peak periods through June . FYI Kim -
tucson - he saw a presentation at the ACC
Laird , Attached is brief summary of my deals with Palo Alto . Let me know if you would like for me to add more information . Thanks , Kim
Chris , Whatever happened to the Thermo Ecotek RFPs you responded to ? Kim
Chris , If you have a minute , will you look at this term sheet ? His volumes are really small but if we get the Palo Alto deal it won't be that big of a deal - unless we have to schedule less than 1 MMBtu . Oh yo ! His average daily volume , for both plants is about 178/day , based on annual usage . I have proposed basically a GD deal with a first of the month index option if he can set a BDQ . Thanks in advance . Kim
Unless it has changed , I sent him one on March 30 . Anyway , his email address is chgarne@ci.long-beach.ca.us Let me know if you need anything else . thanks , Kim
Houston has actually been nice - hasn't gone above 85 and it is great to sit outside at night . Anyway , you work too much and need to think about getting a life! ! We had the best intentions of going to Greasewood flats but were too lazy to drive there . It was an awesome relaxing weekend and the weather was great! ! We hiked camelback on Saturday . I will be coming back to PHX to visit Arizona Public Service soon . don't know exactly when yet . Let me know when you feel the need to get away to some nice humid weather - it's good for the complexion , you know! ! Take care , Kim
Mike , Here is that presentation I mentioned . Enjoy ! Kim Interesting slide presentation on the state of powerplants , siting and natural gas in CA Sue Mara Enron Corp .
Jay , Attached is the GTC that El Paso Electric took to the top for approval . As discussed yesterday , we would prefer to put a Master in place instead of just GTC . Can we send them a master with the EXACT language ? Please let me know ASAP . Thanks , Kim
I have responded to PurEnergy to supply gas to two of their power plants located in southern california . We are going to propose a gas daily option with a demand charge . The contact for credit is Ms . Suzette Brower @ 315-448-2266 and her email is sbrower@purenergyllc.com . Let me know if you have any questions . thanks Kim ps how were the texas martinis? ?
Jim , Attached is Enron's response to your Request for Natural Gas Supply Proposals . If you have any questions or comments , please contact me at 713-853-0685 . Thank you for your consideration . Sincerely , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Chris , I have arranged for Janie and Patti to be available for a conference call at 11:30 CDT , 9:30 PDT . I will get Patti and Janie on the phone and then call you . Let me know if you have a conflict . Thanks , Kim
I think it was the version Dan used to prepare the confirmation . Do you need it ?
give me a couple of minutes
waiting for Janey to get back from downstairs
Hey , What's been going on ? Hopefully something besides work ! Finally getting moved in - well - almost . Still have the junk room ! Went to mexico for a few days and it rained the entire time , which wasn't much fun . Hoefully my next trip will be better ! anyway , it looks like I will be in Phoenix June 28 - 29 . If you are around , I would love to get together ! Hope all is well -
Go anywhere fun ? Please make me jealous ! Things are good - Vanny came back Saturday and started her new gig today . So , I think a celebration is in order sometime this week .
what about those sixers ?
Jeff , Attached is the latest Palo Alto document with their red lined comments . I haven't had a chance to look at them yet but will right now . Thanks , Kim
Stacy , I just talked to Palo alto . They would like to schedule a conference call for tomarrow , noon our time . I told them it would be up to you . Please let me know if this gives you enough time . Thanks , Kim Ward
Jan , Attached is a graph describing a structure that you guys might also be interested in . It is a floor and an indexed ceiling around an at the money call . Give me a call if you are interested and I can go over it with you . thanks , Kim
Do you have Mike martinelli's phone number ?
Charlie , Can we reprice Mesa based on price movements today . Also , can we price it with a floor of $2.75 ? Thanks , Kim
Of course you can use me as a ref . And good luck . I think Barry and I are coming to AZ the 28 - 29 . I know we will be coming to your office so hopefully I will get to see you . Be sure to bring pictures of Abri !
I got your message and your email - sorry about the phones . I will just blame it on the flood! ! Looking forward to Wednesday morning . Thanks , Kim
let me know status
Debra , I am discussing potential short term transactions with a consultant for California Department of Water Resources . They have requested a sample GISB document that would govern transactions for a term of one month to 12 months max . Can you send me a sample GISB that we would use ? Let me know . Thanks , Kim Ward
Larry , The Permian TW point is not marked due to it's illiquidity . The el paso permian is used for future price indications for that point . Let me know if you need anything else ! Thanks , Kim
I am leaving for the airport at 2:30 and will be looking at this on the plane . When you have a chanc to look at it , you can give me a call on my cell phone 713-412-4571 . I would really like your input . thanks , Kim
Hi guys , Attached is the swap picture we discussed . I am working on some call prices as well and will send them asap . Prices fell significantly today - probobly $.20 going one year out at the PG&E City gate . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
I have added Socal to the worksheet . The prices listed are as of last night . Nymex is up $.04 - $.05 . Basis is pretty much the same . Let me know if you need anything else and I will let you guys know as soon as I get the option information . thanks , Kim
Jack , Attached is a graph showing storage year by year . We are expecting another rather large injection this week . Cal 02 Nymex is up about $.0125 but the balance of 01 is down about a penny . There is no weather to speak of and therefore , no demand for physical gas - this is what is driving prices down . Let me know if you have any questions . Am still working on the option pricing . Thanks , Kim
Boring ! things are slow here , too . Playing golf Fri ?
Let me know what you want to do about a load forcast model . thanks , Kim
Hello again , Attached is a worksheet showing price indications for Calls that are $1.00 , $1.50 , and $2.00 out of the money . I priced the puts that you would sell to me as 25% and 50% of the call premiums . I did this for Aeco , Permian , and San Juan . Let me know if there is another way that you would like to look at them . Thanks , Kim
Hey Chris , glad to hear from you . I am going to try to make it by your party tomarrow night - and perhaps , bring my friend Camille . Let me know if there is anything that I can bring . See you then - Kim
call me !
You can count me in - what can I bring ?
Suzanne had previous plans so I thought that I didn't confirm the reservation . I will be in the Grenadine Islands on the 14th - what's the occasion ? I think we will try to come in August some time . Will that be OK ?
We did have fun - Camille was interested in the other Chris and wouldn't leave - I think we were loaded too . Sorry for flirting a little too much - I don't know if you told Stanton that I hit on you until 5 in the morning or if he just read that into your story - but it drove him crazy . He called my house at 2:30 am Sunday morning very drunk and being very wierd ! Anyway , it was a great party - thanks for the invitation . Until next time - Kim
Chris , I asked patti for the information and she never got back to me . Will follow up and definitely get the info tomarrow . Sorry . Kim .
call me tomarrow - do I need to send this document to legal ?
physical or financial ?
Hey , Here are the pictures I told you about . This is definitely what I miss about Portland ! Again , hope you have a great day off tomarrow and that I see you again soon ! Kim
that's a great idea - thanks !
an indications is $4.53 for physical . Let me know if you need anything else . Basis is up today due to heat and the stage emergencies yesterday . Still waiting on Patti - she is busy because people are out . Will keep you posted .
New VERY IMPORTANT deal . I promised parent guarantee requirements and credit and collateral term probobly in the form of an Enfolio by Thursday . This is a power generator that we do services for in Portland . Tracy is very familiar with this company and has reviewed their credit . She should have all the infor you need . If not let me know . customer: Wheelabrator , a subsidiary of Waste Management . They need gas for their Lassen , California plant and HAVE to close something by next week . I am showing them a basic structure with a baseload volume with swings being priced at gas daily . 9,000/day baseload @ Malin . Today the fixed price is about $4.10 Is there anyway to get this done ? Please let me know so that i can pursue . Also , can we do physical gas deals under the EEI ? We have an EEI with them . THANKS , Kim
Attached is my spreadsheet with the actual volumes and Gas daily prices . Let's discuss . thanks , Kim
I know - I am so inconsiderate ! But , if you want , I will promise NEVER to do it again . Just a little tired today- thanks goodness for the opportunity to sleep late yesterday . How about yourself ? I usually get here between 7:30 and 8 . Today - exactly 8 o'clock ! Not much going on in the market today - I might finally go get my car tags and driver's license - but I've been saying that for 5 months now !
Attached is a list of the contracts that I am currently working on . In addition , I am working with stacy dickson on a contract where by we can do business with Hesco and on a new contract with Citizens . Let me know ifyou need anything else . Kim
Rod , As we discussed , attached is a proposal detailing a structure that might fit your natural gas needs . Please give me a call regarding any questions you might have and I will be in touch once I hear from credit . Thanks for your consideration , Kim Ward
also negotiated collateral terms and force majure language with El Paso Electric to facilitate the Cal 02 deal I did with them
The index prices are fine and may actually be lower . I will check with my desk . The fixed prices are only for one year . Five year fixed price indications for Malin are $4.12 and for PG&E city Gate are $4.77 . Let me know if you need any thing else . Thanks , Kim
I have set up a meeting in 32C2 at 1:00 pm central time to discuss the citizens deal and booking issues associated with it . Chris , we will call you from the speaker phone in that conference room . Let me know if there are any conflicts . thanks , Kim
Monica and/or Karla , I was out yesterday afternoon but the price for that product , all in is $5.06 . Let me know if you need it broken down and if you are still interested . Thanks , Kim
Jay , Did you send this out to wheelabrator ? Let me know - Thanks !
Phil , Will you please send invitations to the following customer: Monica Padilla Resource Planner Utilities Department 250 Hamilton Palo Alto , CA 94301 and to Karla Dailey Resource Planner same address Let me know if you have any questions or need further information . Thanks , Kim
Take a look at this and call me on my cell phone
Let me know if you have any questions ! Kim
I will call when I leave - probobly 7 or a little after . And I promise not to keep you up TOO late !
We want to send them a Master - Dave will be working on this too . THANKS Kim
how does this look ? will send to cogan as soon as you take a look .
Let me know if this is OK and if you need anything else . Thanks , Kim
Jack , Let me know if this is OK and if there is anything else you need ! Thanks , Kim
John , Attached is a revised spreadsheet for the 19th and 26th . call me with any questions - thanks , Kim
From our friends at Hesco . Dave Fuller will be handling this account while I am out . Kim
Attached are some changes I scribbled on the document that Theresa sent me for the City of Mesa . Stacy will probobly call Debra with all of these changes . Also attached is the term sheet for this transaction . ( Alternative one) . Dave Fuller will be working on this document and with this customer starting thursday , July 12 . I will be back on the 25th . Also , Jan Kennedy's ( the customer ) email address is Jan_Kennedy@ci.mesa.az.us thanks for your help . Kim ps . I can't attach the changes but I believe Stacy has everything .
I have been wondering all week whether you got on the boat . I looked at continental's specials and their weren't any for this weekend . But if you plan ahead or are flexible on flight times , you can definitely get here for less than $200 ! HOw was the rest of your trip ? Anything exciting to report ? How was your time with Turbo ? I wish it were last wednesday ! I think I am going to sell all of my belongings and live on a beach somewhere! ! Let me know what's going on ! K2 oh Yeah , I got some pictures back and will send you some . what is your address ?
What did you do in Rome??? ? you must have had Capt . Neil . I understand that he is a big golfer . when did you go ? I can do lunch - what time ?
Stephanie , Can you help me answer John's questions regarding our capacity and deliveries to Nogales ? Thanks , Kim
Stacy , Where are we with the Mesa document ? They are extremely concerned - they must go through an act of congress to get anything signed . thanks , Kim
Darla , Attached is the latest and greatest of my crude deal spreadsheet . Let me know if you have any questions . Call me when you get a chance and we can go over your questions about the June invoice as well as any other items we need to discuss . Thanks , Kim
Could you guys look into this for me ? Why would they be billed different volumes by us vs . SoCal ? Thanks , Kim
I just got back in the office today after being out since the 12th . I have forwarded your email to Patti Sullivan and Jan Sutherland . Once I hear from them , I will let you know . Thanks , Kim
Were you able to find anything regarding BHP's guarantee ?
Lou , Sorry I am just now getting back to you but I have been on vacation . Anyway , the answer to your questions is $.70 today . That number can change with the market though . Keep me posted on any potential gas transactions you have going on and let me know if you need any price indications . Thanks , Kim
John , Our primary delivery point on the EP capacity is the border so it would have to flow as an alternative delivery location and would be subject to cuts . I would like to talk to you in more detail about this with the assistance of Stephanie Miller who is the tport expert in our group . Then you can decide how you would like to persue . Stephanie will be available in the morning before 11:00 am CDT . Please give me a call when you can - Thanks , Kim
Janette , Attached is a copy of the Master agreement we have in place with you . Please let me know if you are unable to open it . Thanks , Kim
I am in for friday too .
Where's my BHP doc??????????? ?
Janette , Attached is the Parent Guaranty form that we need to get executed in order to do business . Enron's credit department is asking for the guaranty to be for $10 million . Let me know if you guys are agreeable to this . Also , I need to know if the name of the guarantor is BHP BILLITON LTD . We couldn't tell from the web site if this was correct . Let me know if you need updated pricing . Prices were down on the day but have moved back up . Thanks , Kim
Janette , I did leave you a voice message . The Commodity price right now is $2.55 with a $.03 premium to schedule out of the basin and a $.05 premium to schedule the delivered volumes at the delivery point . Also , in order to be allowed to schedule for you , we will have to get an agency agreement in place with El Paso , which could take some time . In the case we don't get it in place to schedule for you Aug 1st , you could request El Paso to put your nom in daily until we get the agreement executed and in place . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Any status on the Citizen's updates ?
Rolling in to work at 8:30 something ?
I was working out at 5:30 this a.m. ! What's the matter with you ? Were you able to get the trailer off of your truck ? When I got home , Suzanne came and got me and we went shopping and then to the grocery store . Went home and laid on the couch for about an hour then met Suzanne at the park for a jog . Then she came over and we grilled steak on the grill , stir fried some veggies , had a glass of wine and watched Sex in the City . Lonely , huh ? When does Lawrence move in ?
Janette , We are offered at $2.69 for San Juan gas for August . The adders for scheduling are the same . Let me know if there is anything else that you need . Sorry for the delay but I think we've gotten everything straightened out here . The trader just had a computer issue . ' Thanks , Kim
what kind of breakdown ? when did I ever have a breakdown ? A mini mid-life crisis maybe ( hence the belly ring) . Nothing new - stayed in town this weekend and had a fun relaxing time . Theresa just called and wanted to know if I was going to COGA . I had to break the bad news ! When Lisa and her current boyfriend break up - ( gerald met him too ) I will let you know ! So what is going on the weekend Barry is making us go up to Denver ? Should I come in on Sat - since I can't go to NYC for the US open! !
Sean , Attached is a document with the changes we discussed . Let me know how things are going with your legal staff as well as with the collateral section . Thanks , Kim
Thanks so much for sending the CDs . I really didn't think I would ever see them again ! I take it that you are still considering coming back to windjammer . I guess it will depend on what happens when you get home . Kim 1 , Stacy , Susie and I are considering the Poly trip in January . I haven't been to those islands ( St . Martin , St . Barts , etc. ) yet so I might have to go . I can't imagine a place better than the caribbean - I would love to see it ! So if you're not serious - don't tease me ! Take care and thanks again for the CDs - Love , K2
Night Shift was on Showtime Saturday afternoon - thought of you and your stellar performance of one particular scene .
Please call me .
Linda , Hey - how are things going for you back in the real world ? I have to admit , it has been a very slow adjustment for me ! Anyway , I was never able to log in to the July Jammers website and now I no longer have the invitation to join . Do you still have the email or invitation that would allow me to join ? I can't wait to see the pictures out there ! I think Kim 1 , Stacy , and Susie and I are going on the trip in January . I have never been to those islands to I am really excited . Wish you could join us ! I hope all is well with you - take care ! Kim 2
I have conference room # 3268 reserved for 3:30 today . Steve Snyder and Tom Goudie of Hesco may be here in person . Thanks for your participation . Let me know if any of you have a conflict . Thanks , Kim
Jason is available at 3:30 and I agree we should get together before - do you want Jason involved ? We could meet at 3:30 and bring Hesco in at 4:00 . Let me know your thoughts . thanks , Kim
H . & C . were suppose to get back from Hawaii on Saturday . H had to leave on Sunday for Maine but was suppose to return last night or today . I don't have Mrs . Mauney's number but I think my mom has it if you want to call her - 901-396-0399 . Still trying to figure out this weekend . I would love to play golf instead of go to that dumb picnic . One problem is that I pulled the daylights out of my left hamstring and it is affecting my game . I will keep you posted .
Ok - we will meet at 3:30 and call hesco at 4 .
Try kim.ward@ect.enron.com . If that doesn't go through , just try kim.ward@enron.com . Thanks for sending it to me ! Take care - Kim
Jane , The difference between your price indications and EOL are twofold . One , we are showing you physical markets on the price indications and EOL is strickly financial and for a specific product . There are many differences in these two products , depending on term , physical premiums , the trader's position , etc . Two , the price indications that you receive are based on yesterday's markets . EOL is a real time current market price for the specific product listed . Give me a call if you have any more questions and we can discuss further . thanks , Kim
SMUD is buying , we are selling . It is a fixed price call - not gas daily .
Here is the lastest spreadsheet of deals I have done with Citizens . Please call if you have questions . Thanks , Kim
BHP is still in the market for Balance august San Juan . Can we do this or can you call that guy that spiro recommended ASAP ? Please let me know . thanks , Kim
I didn't get it . It may be because you sent it to Kim.Ward@ect.enron.com . Sometimes that works and sometimes not . If you get a chance to try kim.ward@enron.com it would be great . Sorry for the trouble ! Thanks for helping me out ! Kim 2
What do you want to do with bhp for august ?
It's official - I am coming in on Saturday , Sept . 8 . Missing the matchbox 20 concert here in houston !
Chris , Besides making this consistant and pretty , how does this spreadsheet look to you ? Am I leaving anything out ? According to the desk , they didn't take much during July . Thanks , Kim
I am sort of bummed about not going matchbox - but I will see them next year . Dinner and Downtown sounds like fun , since I will be staying downtown - with no car ! Don't know when I will get there yet . Is there anything in particular that I should come in early for ? I think fuller gets in town in the afternoon . Should I pack my bike , skis , and golf clubs ? or just my drinking goggles ?
any news on doing a one month deal with bhp ?
I think he gets in around 3 . I can try to arrange the same and we can go straight there . Where do you want to play ?
John , Sorry this took me so long but I had to wait for the schedulers and Janey . Let me know how it looks to you . Thanks for your help . Kim
Trader says to just use the mid curves . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks , Kim
Hey , just heard from the girls that you are now a tv star . They saw you on some E ! Entertainment special . I am sorry to say that I missed it ! How are you and where are you ? I am assuming that you have now left the boat and are wondering your way to Austrailia . Hope you are enjoying yourself . I just spent the weekend in Memphis - visiting family and friends . It was a lot of fun ! If the show runs again and I am able to see it , perhaps I will record it for you ! Have fun and keep in touch ! K2
What's up with BHP ? HESCO ? I was gone most of friday and feel like I was gone longer . Call me when you get a chance . Kim
Sara , The City of Glendale is ready to set up a conference call to go over the minor changes that they would like to see in the ISDA agreement . Would you be available to do this call with them on Wednesday afternoon ? Please let me know as soon as possible if so and what time so I can set it up with the customer . Also , they would like an electronic verson of the opinion letter . Can you have one sent to me ? Call me if you have any questions - x30685 . Thanks , Kim Ward
Steve , Attached is the legal opinion . Sara Shackleton will be the attorney we meet with on your changes and she is available all Wednesday afternoon . Do you want to say 1:30 your time , 3:30 ours ? Please confirm and I will set everything up with Stephanie . Thanks , Kim Ward
We will be in Sara's office and we will call you in your office , unless there is another number you would like for us to use . Just let me know . Thanks , Kim
We will have our conference call with Glendale at 3:30 our time on Wednesday . Is your office OK ? Jay , if you would like to join us , you are welcome . I don't know if any of their changes will include the credit annex or not . Sara , Steve will also want to know what else we need from him (  I know it is listed in the doc ) and when he needs to provide such . Thanks for your assistance ! Kim Ward
If it is ok with you , we will meet in your office and call them . Let me know . Thanks , Kim
It was very fun - and busy . Glad to see everyone and to hang out with Harriet and Angie for more than a few minutes . how was your weekend ? Did you go to greenwood ?
Ann , Can you check on the palo alto confirms for deals that were done around the 20th of July ? I think there are about three confirms they have not received and Karla at Palo Alto is going to get in trouble internally . thanks , Kim Ward
This was hilarious ! I can't believe that you remember I have a cat ! How are things ?
Chris , Call me if you have any questions . These prices are pretty much where our offers are . Also , I didn't do anything with the physical premium . We could probobly get is lowered . Let me know . thanks , Kim
Anne , I just got another phone call from Palo Alto . They still have not received three of their confirms from deals done around the 20th of July . They have ceased to do additional business with us until they receive these confirms . thanks , Kim
Any word on BHP copper ? We have a couple of days to determine whether we can transact with them or not . Right now , they are only looking at Bal Aug , Sep , and Oct San Juan . Let me know Thanks , Kim
What's up with this ? they are looking to lock in 12-16 months of gas prices . We have been selling to them month to month for 6 months . Have there been any problems ? Are we going to let them go to Amoco ?
I just talked to Jay and he doesn't want to do a long term deal with them . I have a call in to the consultant . Max Jay might agree to is 3 months .
try dennis.holcomb@smud.org OR dholcom@smud.org .  told him he should get it tomarrow . Thanks , Kim
I don't know - maybe we should talk to Ann Bike . I guess it should go in as an annuity . Would you like for me to talk to Ann ?
I would love to - I really like going to the movies but never seem to make it ! Only one stipulation though - we don't go see planet of the apes ! I heard it was REALLY bad - possibly the worst movie ever made .
Janette , Could you do me a huge favor and have Vito give Jay Williams of our credit department a call . Jay is having trouble getting through the pohone lines to you guys for some reason . Jay has tried to track down some financial information internally and has had no luck and doesn't know where else to look . His number is 713-345-3923 . I really do appreicate you passing this message along . Thanks , Kim
Ann will be calling you today and will set this deal up for you . I am assuming this is for the June payment . Kim
Darla , will you send me and Ann Bike the June spreadsheet that you are working off of ? Thanks , Kim
Thanks , but I meant the one related to the Griffith deal . Do you have one ?
We missed you for sure ! It was a fun time . I was glad to see everyone . Nothing exciting took place - just a little dancing and visiting . All went home at midnight . Boy have we become boring in our old age ! Take care and keep in touch ! Kimberly Susan
Please give me a call asap regarding the threshold amounts listed in Glendale's ISDA draft . thanks , Kim
I will be out October 17 - 19th . Kim
I've got Travis on the phone RIGHT NOW with Hesco info . I want to conference you in
This is ok with me - I take it we have used the "long form" with them in the past . If this is the case , can we get an isda draft together for them ? Thanks , Kim
Ann & Darla , I am attaching a spreadsheet that details what should be booked and billed to Citizens under the NEW gas daily call option/transport deal to serve the Griffith plant . It is somewhat complicated but don't be scared - I will help both of you understand what needs to be done . Hopefully , we can set up a procedure whereby this deal can be taken care of each month . I think we should set up a meeting to discuss . Let me know when you guys are available - hopefully sometime monday . Thanks , Kim
what time do we need to leave to make 2:45
Attached are my changes Kim
cubs tix
Please call me when you get out of your meeting
Mark , I used the swap model to determine the present value of what the origination would have been . I came up with $130,188 . Let me know if you need more details . Thanks ,
Jan , If you guys are interested in participating in this open season , it would be just a matter of filling out paperwork and Stephanie has everything that you would need . Let me know what other question you have or information that you might need . Thanks , Kim
I guess we need to talk about September . We need to roll the deal or I need to remove them from my socal pool by Tuesday . What are you guys thinking ?
Jan , I tried to email you earlier but it didn't work . I will be sending you another email too . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Ellen , Since Richard is out , could you possibly help me with something when you have time ? Can you check on the monthly confirms for sales to Smurfit and let me know what we've gotten back from them and what is still out standing ? Call me if you have any quesitons . Thanks ! Kim
Can I roll smurfit to september ? thanks , Kim
Travis , Any news on Hesco documents ? Let me know when you think you will haev something . Thanks , Kim
Ellen , Palo Alto is telling me that they need Enron signatures on all of the confirms that we sent them last week . If you could print out copies and have them sent to me , I can get Barry to sign them and overnight them to Palo . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Karla , We are printing the confirms and signing them this morning and will fax them to you soon after . If a faxed signed copy is not ok , please let me know and we will send you originals overnight . Thanks , Kim
Steve , Let me know if you have any questions - I can get the lawyer on the phone . Also , once I get that master , I will pass it on to you . thanks , Kim
I never heard from you regarding this . What's up ? Also , I left you a message regarding Hesco this morning . Please call - Kim
Tricia Tlapek has been bugging me about this for two weeks now so here it is . maybe you can use it . Kim
Here they are . I figured that Jan . 19th deal out . Call me with any questions . Thanks Kim
Darla , I did run across some missing NSP deals for June and July and some price mismatches for a couple of NSP deals for July . For June , 3000/day priced at $4.70 and fior July . 3,100/day priced at $4.79 . Also , I am resending you July and the Yellow highlights show the two deals that I don't agree with the price . Call me with quesitons Thanks , Kim
Darla , I have revised the spreadsheet I have been sending you with the fixed prices for the citizens deal . Let me know if you have any questions or would like to see additional enhancements . As deals are done , I will continue to update this spreadsheet . Thanks , Kim
Steve , Attached is a term sheet describing our proposal for September . The changes are highlighted in yellow . One of the things you guys might be interested in looking at long term is extending the current fixed price deals that you have and blending the price . Another is a peaking option or cap . We can talk about these things on the phone . Give me a call when you have a chance to review the term sheet and let me know what you guys want to do . Thanks , Kim
Debra , What is the status of this document ? Customer is asking for it . Please let me know - Thanks , Kim
I think this is everything . I will also forward more info if I can find it . Thanks , Kim
ok - not a problem . Kim
Steve , I need your help with something . I want to look at Pasadena's load profile and am having trouble obtaining this . Is it possible for you to send me your actual daily burns for up to the past two years ? This would be helpful in assisting you with your risk management needs and with structuring products specifically for Pasadena . Let me know if you can help . Thanks , Kim
Karla , I don't see the attachment . Could you send it again ? Thanks , Kim
Janine , Attached is a new spreadsheet detailing what Palo Alto's July invoice should include . However , I would like to get together with you again to go over the information that you have and have some of the volumes in the system corrected . Please give me a call when you are ready to work on this invoice and we can get together then . I am available for the rest of the week . Thanks , Kim
Funny - I get an email from you and Keith Aaron on the same day ! Not much going on - just settling down and staying home a while since I traveled non-stop June and July . I have planned to go to Aruba in October ( 16th - 20 ) and then to St . Martin etal in January.Come to Aruba and bring friends . We are staying at the Allegra Resort all-inclusive . But we are somewhat boring - sun , san , surf , and a few suds . Let me know what else is going on ! Oh , yeah - my home email address is kward1@houston.rr.com . My boss is nosy and reads my emails ! Take Care , Kimmie
Ann , Would you be able to meet this afternoon ( 2:00 ) with my self and Janine Cashin to discuss the first Palo Alto invoice and what is in the system for July ? It shouldn't take very long - maybe 15-20 minutes . Please let me know Thanks , Kim
Lou , We are working up some prices for you today . I will call you when we have those numbers . Let me know if you need anything else in the mean time . Thanks , Kim
Lyndon , I finally got my CDs back yesterday and I was so happy ! Thanks again for making sure that they were sent to Miami . How are you ? Where are you ? where have you been ? Since I have to sit in this office everyday staring at a computer screen , I must live vicariously through people like you ! I'm actually not traveling until mid september . I go to Denver on sept . 8 - 10 and then to Southern California the following week . October brings Arizona , Aruba , and perhaps northern california . Looking forward to Aruba - don't really care about the rest since they are work! ! Anyway - hope all is well with you and that you are enjoying yourself - wherever you might be ! Take care , K2
Karla , The confirmation group will resend the confirms and it does look like we will need you guys to sign them and fax them back to us . Our fax number is listed below . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks , Kim
Barry wants to know if any of the lawyers have seen the documents provided by CDWR . Let me know what their take is . Thanks , Kim
Stacy , Any news on Hesco this morning ? Let me know - Thanks , Kim
Thanks! ! Kim
I haven't heard from Ann yet but if you want to go ahead and meet , I am available until 3 pm . Just let me know . Thanks , Kim
How does meeting with Janine at 2:00 tomarrow regarding Palo Alto sound ? Thanks , Kim
I sent another email to Ann but I am available at 2:00 tomarrow . I will let you know if I hear from her . Thanks , Kim
When: Thursday , August 23 , 2001 2:00 PM-2:30 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: John Arnold's office on 32
Jason , Let me know if this is not what you need . Thanks for your help . Kim
Guess the pressure worked ! This was sent to Tom by legal . thought you should get a copy too . Thanks , Kim
I am looking at a June , july , august product for 02-06 for Gaylord container . 3000/day at PG&E citygate . Is credit ok with this and what kind of contracts do we have in place . Showing him a price on Monday morning . thanks , Kim
I just left him ANOTHER message . his number is 925-243-0350 and his email is mbaldwin@igservice.com
No , we need to change the price to be confirmed at a weighted average price of $3.90 . I put this on the deal sheet . Don't know if they noted it in the system . Please change and let me review again . Thanks ,
Stacy , I just extended a deal with the City of Pasadena for September . The previous deal was for April thru August and the confirm was prepared by Dan Hyvl . Could you help me prepare the confirm for the extension ? The term sheet is attached as there are minor changes . Please let me know if you have any questions or if you are unable to work on this for me . Thanks , Kim
Marie Hurd in legal is waiting on you to verify the credit limit change for Glendale to send out an executable ISDA . Please call her and verify that this is the number . If it is not , please call me and let em know . Marie's number is 3-3907 . thanks , Kim
Steve , Attached are two copies of the revised ISDA - one is redlined and one is not . If you are ready for an executable copy , please let me know and I will have them printed out and sent to you . Sara Shackleton is on vacation this week but Marie Heard is trying to start the process for outside counsil opinion . I will keep you informed as I know more about this . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything at all from me . Thanks ! Kim
Barry wants to know the credit status post the financial info I gave you yesterday . he is meeting with Mark Baldwin on Thursday and wants to prepare .
Jay is looking at updated financial information we received yesterday but I haven't heard from him . Stacy is working on a Master Draft as well as the other documents we received from them . Her ETA as of this morning is this afternoon . Basically , jay is ok with using the GISB for up to three months if Stacy is ok with it . He said that he would require a master for a 6 month transaction or longer . Will update you as soon as I get more info from Credit and Legal . kw
Jan , too , says that smurfit is not running the cogen and that they don't expect to for quite some time . I asked her to let me know if they do decide to start the turbine . Will keep you informed - Kim
Barry would like to set up a meeting to discuss CDWR from both a Credit and Legal standpoint before he goes to see them on Thursday . Please let me know when you are available and I will set up the meeting . Thanks , Kim
Dennis , I can sell you the 3.46 red winter nymex swap right now ( 2:22 pm ) .  Call me ASAP Thanks , Kim
How is 10:30 am Wednesday , 8/29 ? I am having jessica reserve a room and once I get your confirmations , I will forward the room location to you . Thanks , Kim
Travis and Stacy , I just heard from the Hesco guys and they would like to set up a meeting or conference call to discuss the master and collateral assignment documents . I think that they have some questions and comments . Please let me know when you are available and your preference , meeting or conference call , and I will set it up . Thanks , Kim
When: Wednesday , August 29 , 2001 10:30 AM-11:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: EB 3267
This is all of the info that I have on these customers but I may be able to get more if it is valuable to you . just let me know . Thanks , Kim
Steve , These are some examples of the blend and extend deals that we discussed earlier . Like I said , these are just some examples that we came up with but we can look at different terms and volumes for each of them . Let me know if you have questions and we can go over this any time . Thanks , Kim
Craig , I agree with Charlie . I wasn't here until January so I was not aware of the Dec . 28 deal . I think that when we do August , my information should be complete . Sorry for all of the inconveniences . Thanks for your help . Kim p.s . I will tell Darla .
Once again , I didn't have all information and shared with you an incomplete package for july ! Attached is a spreadsheet with the missing peices . I promise , we will get this procedure in place once and for all ! Sorry for the inconvenience . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Darla , I made a few changes to this spreadsheet . Please discard the other one that you have . Thanks , Kim
are you there today ? what's your storage number ?
How is 1:30 today in Stacy's office for the conference call with Hesco ? I 've left a message with them and asked them if this time was ok . Will let you know if they are good with it once I hear from them . Thanks , Kim
Here is Pasadena's nomination summary for Sept . Let me know if you need anything else ! Thanks , Kim
Ellen , Attached is the confirmation for sept . for the city of pasadena prepared by legal . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Hi Steve , Just wanted to update the status with the ISDA . I believe that you have received a copy of the new draft with all of the changes that we've agreed to . If you guys approve of this draft , we can have an executable copy drawn up and sent to you . As for the outside council opinion , Sara Shackleton is out of the office until next tuesday and her assistant doesn't know how to proceed with this process . We will have to wait for Sara's return in order to facilitate that process . I have sent her an email so that we can get started right away . Let me know if there is anything else that you need from me or if you have any questions . I do hope you are able to enjoy the long weekend ! Thanks , Kim
Sara , Marie was able to incorporate the changes to Glendale's ISDA and send them a final draft . I am waiting to hear from them to send them an executable copy . Marie did not know how to proceed with obtaining the outside council opinion . Could we start that process when you return ? I think that is the only thing we are waiting for . Let me know if there is anything I can do to help . Thanks for your help , Kim
Lou , Our price indications for PG&E City Gate delivery for 18 and 21 mos out of October , 2001 are $3.78 . For the term June , 2003 through July 2006 , it is $3.97 . Please call me if you have any questions or need additional pricing . Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Hey Steve , I'm still waiting on info from Stacy regarding adding language to your contract . Just wanted to keep you posted . If I don't talk to you , have a great long weekend and I will talk to you on Tuesday . Thanks , Kim
Tom , Hello . Are you still heading to houston ? My cell phone is 713-412-4571 . Call me ( or email me ) and let me know what your plans are and if you still want us to meet you out . I will probobly bring Kim one with me . We'll buy you a congratulatory drink ! Hope to see tomarrow ! Kim 2
Hi guys , Just wanted to let you know that Palo Alto received some confirmations for transactions that they should not have received . I think both are related to their term third party purchases that were entered into the system . One was for 1500 , which I think is related to their purchase from BP and one was for 1135 which are third party purchases from us and should already be in the system as several sale transactions to them . I can fax copies of these confirms if anyone is interested . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Let me know when you find out . Have a good day !
j. , attached are contracts that I was discussing with you this morning . If we were to attempt to transact with these counterparties , short term or long term , what were we need to have in place to do so ? Thanks , Kim
Stacy , I left you a message but wanted to send you a note too . I am still waiting you your recommendations for improving Hesco's contracts with their customers so that we can continue to pursue business with them . they are consistantly presenting us with opportunities that we are missing out on . I am currently pricing up a deal for 1200/day for 1 year . They want to transact by mid next week . Is it possible to make these recommendations so that we can get this paperwork in place ? Let me know how things look for you as soon as possible . Thanks , Kim
Bernard Erlich
PG&E City Gate is the delivery point and lets start out with $.05 .
Jason , I need your help on 2 EASY things - 1 ) I have been discussing fixed price baseload gas for United Technologies @ PG&E City Gate for June 2003 through July 2006 . United Technologies is a subsidiary of United Airlines . What do I need to get from them to satisfy your credit requirments ? And once we get that , I would like to send them a Master Draft to be prepared to transact when/if the time comes . 2 ) THIS IS REAL DEAL: Merced Irrigation District . They are looking to purchase gas , 2040/d , at PG&E City Gate for March 03 through Dec 2005 . I gave them an indication of $3.85 . I also am having structuring price up a blend and extend to blend the gas we sold to them Mar 01 - Feb 03 @ $7.85 . Where are we with respect to credit with them and what would credit require in order to do either one of these deals ? They were concerned about what credit would require . Please let me know as soon as possible ! I haven't bugged you much lately and I don't want to go to credit jail ! Thanks , Kim
Sure! ! Jeff at Merced said to tell you not to stay late! ! Thanks , Kim
Stacy , This looks good to me . Are there any of these issues that we would be flexible on ? Thanks for your help , Kim
this is a copy of the letter legal is planning to send to Hesco regarding L-T contract recommendations . They have a copy of master enfolio agreement . Any comments ? Kim
No problem - left a message for Steve Lins but never heard from him . Will probobly send him an email today . Thanks , Kim
We are going to get thsi Merced deal done !
Are you going to send the letter our or email it or do I need to do anything ? thanks for your help , Kim
Call or come by when you get a chance - I have a question on the blend & extend Thanks , Kim
Go to www . unitedcogen.com
Steve , It appears as though the outside council opinion is no longer keeping us from completing the ISDA . If you guys are ok with the current language , we can send you an executable copy and you guys can sign and send back with all of the documents that are required according to the ISDA . We are prepared to provide you with our documents and will send them with the executable copies of the ISDA . Call me when you get a chance and let me know what your status is . I think Barry and I will be in So . California the 17th and 18th . If you have some time , we would like to stop by and see you guys . Just let me know when you are available . Thanks , Kim
Mike , I have attached an indicative terms sheet for full-requirements gas supply . It is similar to the initial proposal that I have made to other municipalities in northern California . However , many changes were made and negotiated based on several factors . Some of those factors include the types of customers behind your city gate ( residential , power generation) , what your load profile is correlated to ( weather) , transport owned , and other services requested . Also , the type of pricing you are looking for can affect the structure . Call me on Tuesday and we can talk about the City of Roseville more specifically . ( I will be out Monday ) Have a great weekend ! I hope this is helpful . Kim
Sara , I am in Denver at an offsite but will be back in the office tomarrow . Glendale left me a message on Friday that they are ready for an executable ISDA agreement . I left you a message earlier but wanted to make sure you got it . Please let me know if you have any questions . My cell phone number is 713-412-4571 . Thanks , Kim
Hey , did you call me this morning ? Sorry I missed it if you did . Been running around like crazy - currently missing presentations trying to close a small ( very! ) deal . If I don't talk to you , good luck with your pitch to your customer ! I hope you get the deal ! Talk to you later , Kim
They keep calling . What do we need to do right now to do the Amgen blend and extend , either paper work or additional collateral ? Let me know soon . Thanks , Kim
Hello everyone , I got an email yesterday from Jack confirming our meeting on Monday at 2 p.m . In light of the recent tragic events and the chaotic state that the commercial airline industry is in , Barry and I will not be traveling to California next week . We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused . We do plan to come out to California to see you guys at a later date . Once things have settled down and we are able to re-schedule , we will be in touch . Steve , I am working with Legal to have executable documents sent to you and will keep you posted . Thanks again for your patience . Please call me if any of you need anything or have any questions . Thanks , Kim Ward
Just got my fourth phone call this morning - what do we need to do to blend amgen ? Kim
Jack , I have been unable to get this message to Larry . Would you make sure he gets it for me ? Thanks , Kim
Marie , Please fax the ISDA documents to Steve Lins , city attorney , city of glendale , fax # 818-547-3402 . Thanks , Kim Ward
I am sure that Ann took care of this last week because some confirms were generated that came across my desk . Let me know if there is anything I can do . Thanks , Kim
Stephanie and I talked about this as well - I think lunch today would be a good send off and a wedding gift on his return would be in order .
Hey Sally , sorry you are missing your trip to TN . Are you going to the Italian fest ? I am thinking about it . Here are my vitals: Kim Ward 3110 Lake Street
Chris , I have set up a tentative conference call with John cogan for 10 a.m . CDT/8 a.m . PDT tomarrow . Is this time good for you ? If not , please let me know what time is good for you . I think John is pretty flexible as he is hanging out in New Orleans . thanks ,
Jason , palo Alto is asking for their Oct load forcast today in order to realign their supplies . could you get this for me ASAP ? Let me know if there is a problem . They are waiting on this to transact . Thanks , Kim
Tony , Attached is my response to your RFP on behalf of Noresco . As noted in our conversation earlier today , I apologize for the tardiness of my response . I do hope that you will consider our proposals along with the other responses that you received . If you have any questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-0685 . Sincerely , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Hey Lyndon ! Very glad to finally hear from you . Sounds like you are happy back in Austrailia ! I would love to see it sometime . Unless things change between now and January , some of us are suppose to be on the Poly on January 6th . We have booked our trip and the pictures of the beaches on St . Martin look fabulous . We are going in on the 3rd to stay a few days before we get on the boat . I hope you are there . Although I would understand if you stayed where you are ! Keep me posted on your plans - whether you stay in Austrailia or go back to work on the Poly . As for the recent tragedies here , I am so very lucky that no one really close to me was killed . I actually flew in from Denver on Monday night , just in time not to get stuck there . One of my very good friends was suppose to be in the WTC , worked on the 105th floor of tower one on monday and was called back to Houston for a meeting tuesday . Flew out of Laguardia at 7:30 am tuesday morning . That meeting saved his life . I am so glad that he had that meeting . I would have been devasted if something had happened to him . However , all of the people in their offices there are missing . He is very sad but greatful to be alive . It does make you think about what you are doing with your life and what is important but I don't think it will make me stop traveling or doing the things that I love to do . It is sad that this thing has already affected our freedom , some more so than others . Most things won't be as easy as they once were - but I guess that ease and freedom were taken for granted . I also can't believe that someone could come in and do so much harm to innocent people . And I don't know what should be done to stop such things from happening in the future . Can I just run away to the beach and ignore it ? It's a good thing that not everyone has that aAnyway , I am glad to hear that you are well and having fun . I am doing the same - just here in ugly Houston for now ! I think that my trip to Aruba for October has changed so I better get something planned before the end of the year ! Please let me know if you are back in the states and if you go back to the Poly . Oh , and thanks for the picture ! Take care , Love , K2 ps . I have another email address at home . It is kward1@houston.rr.com
This looks ok to me . Thanks , Kim
Can I sell Hesco Socal index for 300/d Oct through june 02 ?
Lynn , Attached are confirms for September and October . Please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , Kim
so what does this guy do for Burbank and why do they pay him the "big bucks"??? ?
Jim , I am very interested in supplying your gas and plan on responding to your request for qualification . If there is anything else that you need in the meantime , please give me a call . Thanks , Kim
Jay , We have been short listed on an rfp for Noresco , a power plant developer . Attached are the financial statement for the parent who is willing to guarantee the project . They plan to refresh prices and perhaps transact this week . they have received contracts from other potential suppliers already . I got the RFP late and therefore , I am running behind . I am attaching my proposal in case you need it . It will basically be a full requirements transaction out of our Socal Pool for up to 20 years . CAN WE MAKE THIS OUR NUMBER 1 PRIORITY AND GET CONTRACTS TO THEM TODAY? ? PLEASE ? I WILL SUPPLY BEVERAGES LATER IN THE WEEK OR PERHAPS A TICKET TO ASTROS TONIGHT ( if I can find them! ) Please call and let me know if we can make this hurdle ! thanks , Kim
The weekend was VERY good ! But - the weekend is the past . Who knows what the future brings ! Even so - in your searching , you might find someone better than me ! But , if I am still unattached , I will be there !
Call me if you have any questions . Kim THANKS!!!!]]
Good morning ! Got your message last night when I got home from the game . Didn't want to wake you up . How was your day yesterday ? Mine was very busy - lots of things going on . Hopefully some tickets and $$$ will come out of all of it ! Anyway - I hope you have a good day today ! Talk to you later -
That is very cool! ! Sounds like Tom did great - too bad we weren't there to watch . And it is great that you get some $ for going ! Just think - with your awesome new car next year - you could be up there with Jimmy and that other guy ! I could grab dinner or something later - when are you planning to go to Tom's ? I have nothing going on - may try to get a quick workout in . You can just let me know what you want to do . ps . I told Suzanne that I got to drive the race car and it was really cool !
I think I would like santa clara first . when you get the chance .
Phil , Attached is a draft Natural Gas Purchase/Sale Agreement . My apologies for taking so much time . I hope it is not too late . Please call me with any questions and if we need to , I can get credit on the phone . Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Mike , Attached are Palo Alto's historical loads , which have been verified with Palo Alto . If you would like to see a different format , let me know . Thanks , Kim
I am showing some physical and financial transactions to the city of Santa Clara , also known as Silicon Valley Power . We have done a lot of business with them on the power side and I want to sell them some gas . Can we review them and send out a draft Enfolio and Isda ? Let me know if you have any quesitons . Thanks , Kim
what do you guys think about this one ? Jay , we have talked about them before I think . Can I get a response in order to put this away or pursue ? thanks , Kim
1 ) hesco additional collateral 2)Noresco - they want to focus on 10 or 20 years - can we get there ?
I don't have their financials but lets get started on what we can get started with . I am not expecting to do financial swaps in the immediate term but I would like to be preparted when we are ready . Thanks , Kim
Steve , Attached is a term sheet showing price indications for the products that we talked about . The market it down today so they may appear to be a little high . I am still working on a structure term sheet for the pipeline capacity that we breifly discussed . Please give me a call and we can update these prices for you or we can adjust the structures if these are not the products that fit your needs . I would like to be prepared in the case that we are able to put physical or financial transactions together . In order to do so , we would like to put both a physical purchase/sale agreement and perhaps an ISDA master swap agreement in place . One thing we would need is someone to contact for financial or credit information so that we can insert the appropriate credit language in the contract drafts that we send to you . Please let me know if you have any questions and I will be in touch with the transport structure . Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Just talked to Noresco again and they are trying to get a handle on the credit requirements that we have so that they can be prepared . They want to do a 20 year , fixed price transaction with 10 % swing at that price . All other gas outside the 10% swing will be priced at Gas Daily +/- $.05 . We are adding a $.25 premium on the 10% swing and the baseload is approximately 1000/day . If the credit requirements are different for a 10year deal , they would like to see what those are - that might sway them . Jay , I know I have been bugging you about this but I do need it in order to go forward with trying to get this deal . And they have asked me for this credit information twice today . It's all about you! ! Thanks a million for your help ! Kim
lose this email address ! your site has been blocked by my company and I can not remove as described below .
no . I will try to investigate today .
They are forwarding the name and number of a financial/credit guy from Noresco as soon as they can . They asked for a ball park and I could not help them . Would it make a difference if we did 20 year index ( for baseload ) with gs daily for the swing ? Due to credit requirements from others we are competeing with on this , they are considering an index with the supplier with Noresco doing an internal financial swap with a sister company , perhaps Equitable . what do you think ? I will keep you posted on discussions . Thanks ! Kim
Antoher thing they brought up was locking in physical basis only . How does this affect credit ? Thanks again , Kim
VERY Cool ! I will keep you posted on the structure that we are focusing on . Right now it is Nymex + physcial basis . They will lock in basis but not Nymex . We can talk about the potential risks there if you want . Kim
Thanks Mike , we have left a message for Dave and are waiting to hear back from him . Also , we are definitely willing to fix the physical basis for you and float on the Nymex . And this will help your credit cause . So now I am assuming that you guys are focusing on fixed basis for 1000/day with GD on the swing . Would you guys be interested in looking at a transport structure for the first 18 months of the transaction ? I am looking at the economics of this to see if it will help you . Call me if you need anything . Thanks , Kim
hey Amy , Could you add Art Avalos (  aavalos@pnm.com )  to your price sheet email list ? Let me know if you have a problem ! Thanks , Kim
Steve , Attached are form certificates that you can use for the first two documents required to be included with your executed ISDA . I hope these are helpful - please let me know if you have any questions or need additional information . Thanks , Kim
Mike , We still haven't heard from Dave - he may be wondering who Jason Williams from Enron is . If you guys could work him from you end , it could speed things up . Thanks for your help , Kim
You're welcome - It should be fun ! Kim
we are VERY close ! when were you here ? and why are you slummin on the gas floor so much ?
you goin ?
ok , I was wondering if you came to work today . I certainly didn't want to ! still sorry to hear about your deal . I hope things get better !
here are our curves for san juan for the last couple of months . You make the chart - I was not successful . Also , I have attached a storage chart . let me know what else you need .
my friend Shannon is coming over at about 6:30 and we are going out - somewhere . what are you doing ?
Do you think it would be beneficial for me to go to WSPP ?
oops - it's ksward63
Chris , Attached is my new and ( in my opionion ) improved spreadsheet for the citizens deal . As you can see , there are slight differences between my calculations and John Cogans . the main issue is as follows: 1)Calculation of the spread - he is taking the greater of PG&E topock minus $.10 minus pipeline demand charges OR SJ + fuel . This can create a negative spread value equal to pipeline commodity charges ( which we are reimbursed for) . The results of all of this is mulitplied by $.085 . I am assuming that the floor for the spread is SJ , therefore , the spread = zero if it does turn out to be less than zero . I hope you have time to review - Once this is fixed you are done - just collecting money . I am working with Darla and Ann to get the orig granted . thanks , Kim
went this morning - did you go ?
Any word on Noresco ? Just got a call -
Darla , Attached is a spreadsheet we prepared that details August business with Citizens regarding the Griffith deal . Please use this to prepare your invoice . Also , please inform me if they do not pay us by the due date . John Cogan should not be paid until we get paid by Citizens . Please call me and we can discuss the spreadsheet as there are cells that must be verified against the TW invoice as well as Sitara . In addition to billing Citizens , the following entries need to be made each month: 1 ) payment to John Cogan 2 ) origination to Kim Ward and Chris Foster ( 50/50 ) 3 ) payment to EARMS for the $.02 insurance Chris negotiated These amounts are dealed in the last three columns of the spreadsheet . There may be some updates to the spreadsheet that will create some prior adjustments but these should be ironed out soon . Call me when you get a chance . Thanks , Kim
Jim , Could you send an electronic version of the latest RFP you sent out ? I am having some people help me internally and an electronic version would be helpful . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim Ward West Gas Origination
Jay , A couple of weeks ago I asked you to review the City of Las Cruces and let me know if we have an enfolio or if we have sent them a draft . Could you let me know where we stand with that ? I need to respond to them by Monday , the 8th . thanks , Kim PS Also , I know you sent Debra a request for an Enfolio for IID but I never received a copy . Did you ?
Hi guys , Could we provide a price indication to PNM for a physical call option ( offer ) for Cal 02 and Q3 , 2002 for San Juan gas ? Let start with $.50 out of the money and $1.00 out of the money . This would be a monthly option . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Art , We can price this up for you but I have a couple of questions - 1 ) Is this physical or financial 2 ) Is is a daily call or monthly call 3 ) Would you like this priced at the money or $.50 , $1.00 or more out of the money ? I other words , what do you want your cap to be ? Thanks , Kim ps What is the schedule for the baloon fest the 10th - 12th ? I'm trying to work around some meetings etc .
Can you price that physical call for PNM at the money and $.50 out of the money instead of what I previously requested ? Thanks , Kim
Art , The premium for a monthly , physical , at the money call for Cal 02 , 5000/day delivered @ San Juan would be $.48 . For Q3 only , the premium would be $.49 . I hope this is helpful . Let me know if you have questions or need anything else . I will call you tomarrow about the balloon fest . Thanks , Kim
Hello again , I talked to Mary Jo yesterday and exchanged emails with Tricia - looks like they are thinking of a girls weekend in Chicago Oct . 26 -28 . If Tricia didn't ask you for your address before , she needs it - as do I . How does that look for you ? I can get a ticket right now for $188 . I do wish you would come down here with Jeff sometime . Of course I would want to have you for part of the time you were here ! Jeff could come too - we could go to dinner or I could have a bar-b-que or something ! Yes - I am still hanging out with Pete . Things are good . He is very nice and lots of fun ! Keep me posted on the girls weekend and I hope things are going well for you ! Love , Kim
Saw you at the baseball game last night . Credit being all work and no play is just not true !
What do you know about Panda Resources ? Nothing in a rush right now but I am showing them 10 year prices for their plant in AZ . I would , however , like to be prepared to do bidness ! Let me know what you need . Thanks ,
Don , Attached is a request for a gas proposal for a retail customer in California . Now that Roger Ponce is gone , and I am unable to get in touch with Derick Kelley , I no longer have a contact at EES to send these potential customers to . Can you tell me who is handling retail customers in the West , particularly California ? Thanks , Kim Ward Manager West Gas Origination
Art , It looks like I won't be able to make it . I have some meetings set up that I seem to be unable to re-arrange . I really appreciate the invite though . Maybe next time . However , I am going to try to make it to Albuquerque before the end of the year . I will let you know what my plans are . Thanks again for the invitation . Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner . Kim
Hi David , I got your name from Don Black as the replacement for Roger Ponce . I am on the West Gas Origination desk for ENA in Houston and often run across customers looking for gas supply , particularly in California , that would be considered retail customers . I am forwarding a request I received this morning that EES might be interested in . I will continue to forward such information to you unless you let me know you are not the person I should be contacting . Thanks , Kim Ward
Craig , If the file is a small blue box with deal numbers and prices , I can open it . Thanks , Kim
Debra , A couple of weeks ago , Jay Williams sent a credit worksheet to you to prepare an Enfolio agreement for Imperial Irrigation District . I will be forwarding an RFP response to them Friday which is required to include our draft contract . I haven't received a copy of this draft . Could you forward this to me at your earliest convenience ? Thanks , Kim Ward
Kelli , When you have a chance this morning , can we update the blend and extend with Merced ? Still an indication . They will transact at some point , maybe not until next week but they will do something . They are leaning towards this blend though . thanks for your help , Kim
thanks ! Kim
Steve , Attached is a little presentation detailing our proposal for some El Paso capacity that I previously mentioned to you . Once you have a chance to look it over , give me a call and we can discuss your interests , what would make the proposal more attractive for Santa Clara , and any questions that you might have . Also , did you receive my indications for the products you were interested in ? Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Some of these are pretty funny .
From Fuller -
Jeff , Got your message this morning and we have refreshed the blend and extent price for you . For 2040 MMbtu/day at the PG&E City Gate for January , 2002 through December 2005 , the blend and extend price is $5.205 . Nymex for the outer years has been moving up since last week , therefore , the little increase in price . Let me know if there is anything else you need - Thanks , Kim
Let me know if you need anything else - Kim
Let me know if you need anything else -
Monica , Let's talk once you get a chance to review . Thanks , Kim
variable is all we reimburse them for - they are responsible for the demand . Let me know if you need anything else with regards to the redwood capacity Thanks , Kim
Kelli , Could you ( or someone ) price up an @ the money call option for 1500/day ( physical ) at Malin for July - October , 2004 ? Please let me know if you have any questions ! thanks , Kim
monthly would be correct ! Thanks !
Sara , Believe it or not , we are very close getting our signed ISDA from the City of Glendale . Steve Lins , the City attorney had a couple of questions which I will attempt to relay without having a copy of the documents . 1 ) I am assuming that he obtained a for legal opinion letter or document of some sort . This document references a confirmation and we are not sure what this references . Typically , it references a transaction , which in this case , there are no transactions yet . He feels this reference should be deleted . What is your opinion regarding this ? 2 ) We sent him a couple of form documents to facilitate the documents required under the ISDA . One form ws a form resolution . They have already received City Council approval to enter into financial tranactions and to enter into an ISDA with us . Steve is going to get a certified copy of this Resolution . Will this suffice ? When you return , I may try to do one last conference call to alleviate any unanswered questions . I think we will have an executed ISDA with the City of Glendale by the end of next week . I am going to be out there meeting with them on Wednesday . Thanks for your help , Kim
Glendale's City Attorney is Steve Lins . His phone number is 818-548-2080 and his email is slins@ci.glendale.ca.us . Please let me know if you need anything else . I will be in their offices on Wednesday . Thanks , Kim
Is this to obtain outside opinion ? I thought we were going to do that at our own expense .
I will work on this for you - and will be in touch . Thanks !
Steve , could you provide the name , phone number , etc . of your bond council for our attorney , Sara Shackleton ? Thanks , Kim
Sara , FYI , how do we proceed ? Kim
Barry , I haven't had a chance to review this but I will when I get in . Thanks , Kim
call me
I am back in the office - we are having a conference call this afternoon to iron out the last calculation questions and you will get a final spreadsheet for August and September from Mara Bronstein . I have not talked to Sarabeth as you have the only copy of the invoice that I had . Have you talked to Bryce about that invoice ? What do you guys need in order to pay them ? Thanks , Kim
Sounds good to me ! Just let me know what time . You gonna work out ?
I will be happy to cruise the mall with you - as long as we don't go on halloween ! Have a great afternoon and I will see you later !
Kelli , While on my adventures west yesterday , Burbank and Pasadena expressed some interest in the Peaker product that Lucci and Fuller were peddling a month or two ago . Burbank is interested in looking at a 30 day call out of 365 days ( Cal 02 ) for 5000 . Pasadena would like to look at 10 days out of the winter . They just want indications for comparison to regular calls . I know you will have questions - please come by and we can talk about them . I left my notebook at home and feel lost today . thanks , Kim
Hey , just workin and playin . No planned vacations ! What's new with you ? How's work ? Things here have slowed down somewhat . Hope that's not a bad sign for next year ! What have you been up to ? Haven't seen you about town at all .
socal border . Thanks for your help Kim
Hey ! Glad to hear you are well . I have thought about our days on the 92nd floor as well . Had some acquaintances that worked for Cantor as well as a close friend who worked for them that was called back to Houston for a meeting that very morning . Very glad he is with us today ! It is cool that you hired Palmore . You will have to tell him hello for me . I did come back to Houston in January . Enron brought me back to peddle gas in the West US . Nothing much new in my life , just a new house and job - but I am glad to be back . I miss the outdoor life in Portland but the people here are so much more fun and nice ! If you are ever in town - you better have a beer with me ! I will let you know if I am in Dallas - Take care , Kim
I am living in an awesome garden home 1 block west of Kirby between richmond and West Alabama . Awesome location . You will have to see it sometime . I think I invited you to my housewarming party . I will just have to keep your name on the list for future parties . I never have customers in town but I have three in next week , including dinner plans with Tucson Electric on Thursday night . Maybe the following Thursday ? I am usually open - let me know . Kim
Jeff , A 10 year fixed price indication at the PG&E City Gate out of Jan . 02 is approximately $3.32 . I hope this is helpful . Let me know how I can help facilitate the blend with Merced . Let me know if there is any thing else that you need . thanks , Kim
David , Here is another possible retail deal in Cali . Good Luck ! Kim
Sent to David Hensel , Director of West Marketing for EES . He will probobly delegate it . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks , Kim
Sara , Mark Russell of Salt River Project sent me their ISDA documents last week . Can we take a look at them and make the changes we would like to incorporate ? He called this morning and they are considering financial transactions with us . Please give me a call and let me know where we stand with this when you get a chance . If I should send it on to some one else . Please let me know that as well . Thanks , Kim
Jay , Can you send a credit worksheet to Sara for an ISDA for Salt River Project ? Sara , I am attaching the SRP documents . Let me know if you guys need anything else . What do you think the timing is on getting a credit worksheet together and a review of their docs ? Thanks , Kim
I am attaching proforma statements for the 2 Panda projects in Arizona . Hopefully we can put together a credit worksheet and send them a contract . ( At least that's where I think we are! ) Any news on SRP or NCPA ? Thanks , Kim
J. , Sorry , I sent the other email before I got this one . The contact that I would recommend at NCPA is Dean Park , 916-781-4224 . He will either help you or can direct you to someone else . You can reference the RFP if you would like . You are right , NCPA is a consorsium of Munis . The ones that would be involved in this particular transaction would be the Cities of Roseville , Lodi , Lompoc , and Alameda . The transaction would be a physical basis transaction for 5000/day at city gate for 2002-2004 . We would be buying back $3.37 Physical BASIS for 2002 . This would be a sort of blend and extend . Our deal would be Physical Basis . Let me know if you have any more questions . Thanks , Kim
Thanks , Beth . Credit will review and I will let you know if he has any questions . I think the next thing we were waiting on were your new contracts . If you guys need anything while we are waiting on those , please let me know ! Also , if we need to meet in person , once we get things rolling , we are available to come to Dallas . Thanks , Kim
David , I got a phone call from Summit energy , through whom I supply full requirements gas to Smurfit Stone Container Corporations plants in southern California . Smurfit has a couple of plants in El Paso , Texas , on the Southern Union System , that Summit is looking to obtian bids for . The contact at Summit is Jason Ramsey and his number is 502-429-3800 . Their load is about 100,000 MMBtu annually . Is there someone at EES that would be interested in working on this transaction ? Let me know if EES is not interested and I will let Jason know . Thanks , Kim Ward
Mara , Here is the proposed revised contract with Citizens . Could you take a look at it and see if the logic works in accordance with the spreadsheet ? sort of like how you built the original spreadsheet from the original contract . Let me know if you have any questions and how this turns out . Thanks , Kim
Kelli , Attached is a request from PNM for an indication for the price of a put for Q3 next year . This is a physical option that is at the money . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Art , We have priced these at the money puts and they are kind of expensive . For the monthly put , Strike of $2.72 , premium would be $.495 . For the Daily put , the premium would be $.535 . Let me know if you have any questions . Prices might be lower tomarrow given the downturn since AGA's came out . If you are willing to look at out of the money puts , the price would be better as well . Thanks , Kim
Susan , Sorry this has taken so long but attached is my first cut at a term sheet for Exide Technologies . Please call me with any questions or comments . Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Susan , Call me if you need anything . Thanks , Kim
I will be traveling to Arizona for meetings next Tuesday and will be meeting with Salt River Project . I would like to be able to take our ISDA comments with me . Where do we stand with this ? thanks , Kim
Hey Lyndon , How are you ? Long time - no email ! I hope things are going well for you . Went to Happy Hour with Kim 1 , Susie , Stacy , and Melissa last night . Susie and Stacy just got back from the Bahamas . Kim 1 and Melissa left today for Cabo San Lucas . As for me , I am painting the inside of my house . Not nearly as much fun . But with this economy combined with my company's 3rd quarter earnings - my net worth is the worst it has been in YEARS!!! ! In other words - I am poor ! Anyway , we were talking about our upcoming trip on the Poly in January and we were all wondering ( especially me ) if you had decided to remain in Austrailia or rejoin Casey on the boat . I think we all hope we see you in Jan ! Gotta go back to work and try to get this stock price back up - take care , keep in touch , and let me know what fun things you have been up to ! Love , K2
Darla is ready to bill citizens for Sept . I guess we can use Cogans sheet if we are comfortable it is correct . Let me know if you need anything and when you think we can get this to Darla . ] Thanks , Kim
Lynn , Attached is the confirm for November . Let me know if you have any questions or problems . Thanks , Kim
Tom , Attached is our term sheet in response to your request for bid . I have also attached sample contract for your review . We are waiting to hear from your credit guy to obtain some financial information . Please call me with any questions or concerns . Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Kelli , Could you send me the NCPA worksheet ? thanks , Kim
Hey guys - it looks like NCPA got our proposal and would like for us to refresh by 9 am PPT tomarrow morning . That is 11 our time . Jay , where are we with credit and contracts . I think we need to have this done today . Can you let me know what our status is ? Barry is asking me . Kelli , can we refresh in the morning fairly quickly ? I would love to get this deal done . Tomarrow , we need to add a little orig ! Please let me know if any of you have any questions . thanks , Kim
Let's talk about that . I want to get the deal and make as much money as possible!! ! So I would like to test it out and see what seems reasonable . thanks , Kim
of course - where do you want to meet ? and what time ?
Amy , Could you remove Jan Kennedy from your email list ( City of Mesa ) and add clifford_cauthen@ci.mesa.az.us ?  Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
J. , what is the status of this ? Mark Russell called again this morning for status . I think he talked to Bill . Please let me know . thanks , Kim
tomarrow is fine . Talk to you then . Kim
We could meet at my house and sit on my patio . I should stick around until 5:30 or so . I could be home by 5:45 or 6 . Is that cool ?
The physical basis offer indication for Dec - March at the City Gate is about $.32 . The fixed price indiation for the 38 month period you mentioned is approximately $4.39 . We need to discuss this structure in detail if you are serious about buying physical gas from us and we also need to get contracts in place . Let me know if there is anything else you need . thanks , Kim
where will you be coming from ? If you go south on Kirby , turn left and travel west on Richmond . Take the first right onto Lake street . Go through the first stop sign and I am behind the black iron gate on your left . My address is 3110 Lake and I am behind 3112 Lake . Park on the street . If the car gate is closed , the people gate code is c1984 . See you then - Kim
It is right behind 3112 . There are only 3 garden homes inside the gate - and 3110 is real big on my double green doors . Call if you get lost - 713-412-4571 . Kim
Attached is the new contracts by which Los Angeles Department of Water and Power intends on entering into natural gas purchases and sales . Is there any hope of getting in on some of this action ? Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
I am available next week . I would love to get together . Tonight , an old friend is coming by the house for a drink around 6 . I would love for you to join us . He is married and will probobly have to go home . Don't know what's going on after . Pete and I broke up last night . Very sad . Call me if you get a chance 713-853-0685
Please call me when you get a chance . I have a question . thanks , Kimmie x30685
Funny you should ask about my life right now . Now you are sure to get an earful ! Beware - My country is at war and going into a major recession , my company is falling down around my feet , my grandmother is sick , I am broke , and my boyfriend broke up with me last week , further confirming my ability to fail when it comes to relationships . (  I know I act tought when it comes to this stuff but I am really sad about this one ) I guess that I am not sick and I do have lots of friends . But I am tired and need someone to take over at this point - - - - I can't believe that you didn't get my email about gas being a buy a couple of weeks ago . I guess if I had seen you when I was there , I could have told you in person . AS for business over here , gas and power trading is still going strong . However , all of the events have affected us in a huge way financially . Down to whether we get bonuses or not . It is not going to be a good year just trying to stay strong but I think that we will survive , and mostly thanks to EnronOnline . Curious about what's going on there since you mentioned it . Anyway - sorry to burden you with my personal problems . I do hope things are going ok for you - too bad you're not going to make it here . As we are in a cash crunch , I think I am probobly grounded for the remainder of the year . Who knows ! Keep in touch -
Sorry I didn't forwarn you so you could choose to re-schedule . Funny how things can change in just one week ! Suzanne is awesome - don't know what I would do without her . We just went to Berryhill and had a taco and margarita . Not a late night . You didn't have to leave - I am glad you came though . Hope we can do it again sometime - once I get over this hump . ( See , I am still insecure and a disaster when it comes to relationships ! and I hadn't even gone there in 5 years! ) Take care and keep in touch .
He is canadian . Did you meet him ? What's going on this week ?
Chris , Can you send or fax me a copy of the contract between us/Citizens and EARMS ? I don't have a copy and i need one in order to get these invoices processed . thanks , Kim
PLEASE take me with you . I am at a low in my life - recently reassured that I am a failure in relationships that really mean something to me . The only point in my life where I can't seem to be successful .
Please remind me of the exact changes so I can go to my back office . Things have just been crazy around here so sorry for overlooking this . ' Thanks , Kim
Art , We are pricing the calls up for you and will have them in the morning . As for the comments on the contract , you can send them to me and I will put them in our lawyers hands . Thanks so much for getting that document throught the system . I will talk to you tomarrow . Thanks , Kim
Jessica Presas is my admin and I am in houston at 3206a . this will change Nov . 9 . fax number is 713-464-2391 Kim Ward
Jeff , do you have a copy of the contract that we have with EARMS that Chris Foster was working on with Citizens earlier in the summer ? Let me know if you have any questions . I need a copy in order to assist with getting EARMS paid . thanks , Kim
Art , An at the money Daily call option ( against first of the month index ) for gas at San Juan is $.24 for Q3 next year . At the money monthly call options would be $.58 with a strike of $3.10 . A fixed price daily call option would be $.60 with a strike of $3.10 . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Susie , Unfortunately , I have a customer in town that night . when it rains , it pours ! Hopefully , we can get together soon . Thanks for inviting me . Kim
This looks good to me . Thanks , Kim
Steve Endo is sending his stuff right now .
Darla , do you have that worksheet that I sent you that has June on it ? I deleted june and july so I need your help . Thanks , Kim
no , for the gelber stuff . you know , that worksheet I sent you a long time ago .
Carmella , you sent this to kim ward in London instead of to me . Can you change it on the email ? thanks , Kim
Can you send me sally and susie's email addresses as well as sally , susie , stacy's and your aol IM name ? I had to relog on and it messed my thing up . thanks , K2
Hey Mary Jo , Sorry it has taken me so long to reply . It sounds like a blast but I was unable to find good airfare . I might check again today and if things change , I will let you know . Thanks for thinking of me and for the invitation . Maybe some other weekend - I do hope to see you again soon . Kim
Darla , As far as I can tell , Craig's requests are ok . Also , the NSP and gelber invoices you sent me look ok . I am attaching my manual spreadsheet for the deals I have done from August forward . Let me know if you have any questions . Remember to use this spreadsheet in conjunction with what is in the system . Mara , I am just sending you this spreadsheet . This has nothing to do with the Griffith deal . We can discuss later . Thanks , Kim
Chino plant 100% down = 80 MW Basically 120 -150 MW offline due to PDs decrease in producion . the same percentage decrease in gas demand is what we should see . Let me know if you would like us to investigate this further . Thanks , Kim
Thanks , Kim - for always sending me my stray emails ! Have a good day ( or night ) Kim
Karla , Have you received these confirms yet ? Please let me know . thanks , Kim
Anne , Please book the following accrual origination from grigsby's book to myself and Chris Foster (  50% each): Also , are you the one that I need to inform of what to pay John Cogan ? And if so , what months and amounts have we paid him ? I will have september ready today or tomarrow and October ready by the 10th which will be our standard procedure . Let me know if you have any questions . thanks , Kim ps attached are the supporting spreadsheets
Art , Just wondering about your comments to our Enfolio . Thanks , Kim p.s . What is going on in the market with you guys these days ?
are you trying to confuse my customer ?
Where are we with this process ? Did you ever get whatever info Sara needed to her ? Thanks , Kim
Since I have my long vacation in January , the less time I have to take off , the better - so I think a long holiday weekend would be good . Let me know ! Kim
Here is what is going on with Citizens right now: 1 ) Mike Grigsby and Randy Gay are reviewing the revisions to the Griffith contract from their perspective . I will have Patti review it once they are done . I looked at your peaking language and was not able to enhance it . However , does the new calculation address any unanticipated pipeline rate changes such that the demand margin or sales margin could be negetive ? 2 ) interuptible gas will flow right now to Nogales from the Waha pool , according to Pattie 3 ) I am attaching a summary of the conference call we had on the 18th and would like your input before sending it out . 4 ) the capacity release was posted and matched successfully . Let me know ifyou have any questions . thanks , Kim
Hey Jeanie , thanks for the invite . Please keep me posted . Last night was fun . Had just the right amount of trick or treaters to have one piece of candy left over for each of us ! Kimmie
are we going to work out with Dean tomarrow ?
when ?
Gentlemen , I haven't heard from anyone regarding LDWP's request listed below . We have to reply by next week . What is the status ? There is an article in the NGI publication today . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
I forgot to mention that Scott Masuda of Los Angeles Department of Water and Power will be in our offices on Monday afternoon . Thanks , Kim
Gerald , I sent the following email to Jeff Hodge and Jason Williams on October 25th ad have heard nothing . I reminded them this morning as we need to reply by mid next week . Also , LDWP will be in our offices Monday afternoon . Is this something that you can address faster than Jeff ? If so , just let him know and let me know how to proceed . There was an article in the NGI publication this morning regarding this . Thanks , Kim
You're welcome . I hope all is going well with you .
I did know all of that - talked to her just the other day . I will miss her too ! Let me know if , when you need anything . Kim
lets go now
Hello . sorry I missed you last night (  and Saturday night! ) That football game I watched had 7 ( a record ) Overtimes ! The game lasted until about 10:30 and my team lost . Very sad . JDA and I went to Berryhill to meet Matt last night and I thought you would be there . Is everything OK with you ?
attached are my changes
Sure you can stay at my house ! I will try to join you Thursday nite as well . Things have been pretty shitty lately - with work , with the love life , and a huge sinus infection . Hopefully things will be looking up by then ! Please make yourself at home ! You can come and go as you need . Kim
I will try to make it . Stewart and Paul Choi ( PDX office ) are suppose to be here but that may change . Either way , I will try to make it . Kim
Do you have my phone ? I think it might be in your car .
Hey , how was your weekend in Phoenix ? Hope it was good ! Are we still on for tonight ?
Just got an email regarding our trip to the Caribbean in Jan - more guys have signed up that women ! You should definitely think about it - especially since there is such a large group of us . ( protection in numbers ) There tends to be lots of drinking though - but a very laid back and relaxing time hanging out on beautiful beaches ! Glad to hear you had a good weekend . I was sick with a cold/sinus infection the entire weekend - stayed home alone - am sick of myself ! Is Caraba's still the place of choice tonight ? Just let me know what time .
Frank , I am working with Panda Resources to potentially supply gas to a couple of their Arizona facilities . However , they say they have a plant coming online March 1st in El dorado , Ark . They looking for TX Gas for Mar - jun and Tn zone 0 starting July 1 . She has gone over the structures that she is looking for . Is there someone in your group that would be interested in working on this potential gas supply with them ? Let me know . Thanks , Kim
Amy , Can you add Scott Masuda with Los Angeles Department of Water and power to your email ? His address is smasud@ladwp.com Thanks , Kim
Sean , According to Patti , gas will flow on an interuptible basis to Nogales from the Waha pool . Let me know if there is anything else that you need . Thanks , Kim
Janey , Are you planning to respond to Bob Pettinato regarding this agreement or shall I ? thanks , Kim
This is old news - where have you been ?
Have you found my cell phone in my car yet ?
FYI , attached is our response to Los Angeles Department of Water and Power's request that we execute their new Spot Gas Contract . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Attached is a summary of the conference call held between Enron , Citizens , and PP&L on October 18th . Proposed procedures on how we will handle cuts from now on are also included . Enron is making every effort available to ensure that PP&L receives 100% of the gas that they call on . I feel that we need to formally agree to these procedures , either in the form of an amendment to the agreement or a formal letter signed by all parties . Please let me know if you have any comments regarding these procedures and how you would like to proceed . Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Please change your address book to include kim ward in houston and not kim e . ward in london . She continues to have to forward these emails to me . If you have questions , please call me at x30685 . Thanks , Kim
Hey Brian ! Good to hear from you - we are just sitting here watching our stock get killed AGAIN! ! Thanks for the pep talk last week - I certainly needed it . Let me know next time you guys are out - maybe I can join in the fun ! Take care , Kim
Brenda , Attached are the price indications that you requested . Let me know if you need anything else . Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
In light of the recent events here at enron and the uncertainty surrounding all of our employment , I would like each of you to have my home email address so that you can keep in touch . No matter what happens , the work email address will change , whether I stay at Enron and we are aquired or I change companies . Who knows what will happen or what the timing will be ! Donations can be made to - just kidding ! Hope all is well with all of you ! Kim
can you send me the invoice for the griffith stuff for July ? I think I need to make a change . Thanks , Kim
H and I were talking about coming to your house for thanksgiving . Or ya'll could come to mine ! We aould both have to use miles - cash is a rare commodity in my world these days . What do you think??? ? Call me if you get a chance - 713-526-7117 is home and 713-412-4571 is cell . Kimmie
Kelli , Can you help me price up a call option structure for Pasadena ? They want to Buy a Nymex Call with a strike of $3.50 for July - September 02 and they want to reduce the premium by selling us a $5.50 call for the same period . Let me know if you have any questions . thanks ,
THank you!! !
are you there ? Call me - 713-853-0685
I don't know what to do . Boss says I don't need to look for a job and they will have to find some $$ to keep people . don't know that I want to be among the 7000 enron employees beating the streets . Any suggestions ? there have been no formal announcements of layoffs but Logically , I feel like about 50% of my friends here will loose their jobs . Especially the ones not associated with gas or power . The world is in turmoil ! Wish I had my sailboat and 6 mos . $$ to live on - I would go to the caribbean and stay for a while .
Hi Joan - yes it is me , your long lost cousin ! You probobly got my address off of something that my mom sent around . How are things with you ? As you probobly knew , I am back in Houston - which is very good as my company just announced a merger on Friday . Worried about many of my friends but I am not so worried about loosing my job . The world is certainly in turmoil ! Hope all is well with you and your family . Keep in touch - Kim
Hey ! The leg is healing nicely , thank you . It did turn a little blue but I think I will live ! I say we are serious about the party but I have forwarded this to Suzanne to make sure she is on board . I will keep you posted as things develop ! Hope to see you again soon - Kim
Will you check our systems and invoice for July for the Citizens Griffith deal and let me know what we have billed/paid citizens and PPL for July 17th and July 26 . There are some significant discrepancies with these counterparties that need to be addressed ASAP . Please let me know what you find . You can call me at x30685 . thanks , Kim
that is exactly it - and it worked for me today . kward1@houston.rr.com . try it again and let me know if you have a problem . did you have fun with the guy you met out friday ? I would like to visit austin sometime . Hopefully soon ! Thanks for the offer . I will be in touch soon - and you are welcome to stay with me anytime ! take care , Kim
Hey Lyndon , It was nice to hear from you . We are in dired need of the upcoming vacation ! Things here have been changing by the day . To make a long story short , my country is at war and going into a recession , the company that Kim 1 , Stacy and I work for was purchased on Friday by another company after finding out that our Chief Financial Officer was involved on some questionable activities - ( to the tune of about $3.5 billion ) practically taking our company down single handedly , loosing about 90% of the value of our stock , therefore , we are broke , AND my boyfriend and I broke up . Things just aren't right . But hopefully , things will start to get better . I'm very glad I have a trip ( that is paid for! ) to look forward to ! How was your gay cruise ? I think I would have a hard time with that one myself ! I do hope all is well with you . We will all be ready to play and relax in January ! Take care - Kim
Gerald , Thanks for looking at this for us . When do you think you will have a chance to review it ? I talked to the customer today - they are looking at doing some 2002 and 2003 transactions . Also , do we need to have credit re-review ? Let me know what you need from me ( us ) and if I can help in any way . Thanks , Kim
How are you doing ? Things here are definitely roller coaster status but stablizing a bit ! How was your wine tour ? I thought about you guys . It looked like so much fun ! Elliot is thinking about having people come to Stinson Dec . 15 and 16 and I was thinking about coming a day early or leaving a day later ( or maybe both! ) I am thinking that you might be out of town around there but If you are around , I would like to get together with you if it all works out . Let me know what you think! ! And I hope all is going well for you ! Kim
El , I am in for sure . Just gotta look into possibly using miles . I think Suz might be in as well . What about Rosie ? Let me now the details ! Thanks for the invite -
I certainly understand your concerns and believe that they should be voiced . I will also babysit the situation and try to make sure she abides by the rules !
Gerald & Stacy , I didn't which of you would have the most time to deal with this , but , I am responding to an RFP for provide gas to several Frito Lay plants in California for the term Dec , 2001 through October , 2003 . It will be a full-requirments transaction whereby we manage the imbalance and transportation . Based on the request , they would like to execute a GISB with special provisions that I have attached . I have also included a confirmation form they would like to use to confirm the transaction for each of their facilities . ALL REQUESTED MODIFICATIONS TO THIS CONTRACT FORM MUST BE SUBMITTED WITH THE RFP RESPONSE which will be emailed to them by noon central time on Thursday , Nov . 15 . Sorry for the rush , I just received the RFP yesterday and didn't realize this was a stipulation until just now . No modifications indicates that the proposed language is acceptable . I am also attaching the RFP itself . Please let me know if you have any questions . this will be a pretty standard full-requirements offer . Please let me know if you have any questions or what I can do to help . Thanks , Kim
el , I think you sent this to the wrong place . just talked to suzanne and she is in - as long as we can get there cheap . As for Sunday , when do you think people will leave . Being 2 hours later here in houston , we might have to leave pretty early . what are your thoughts ? Kim
We can come in on Thursday evening ( so we can spend friday in the wine country ) and leave sunday afternoon at 3:20 for 20000 miles ! So we are definitely in ! What do you think ?
Finally , I think this one is for you ! Have a good day ! Kim
Quite commendable , I have to say .
Amy , Can you add bbuxa@igservice.com to our daily pricing email ? Thanks , Kim
john , I think my parents are coming to houston and I think EJ might be around on thanksgiving day so you are more than welcome to come to houston and hang with us . we will be having turkey ! Let me know what you think . Kim
Could you change the person that you send the Citizens Insurance Invoice to to the following: her phone number is 713-853-3131 and she will be paying the invoice . If you have any questions , please call me at x30685 . Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
another for you - Kim
another - Kim
could you put these volumes into a spread sheet and come up with a daily average ? Remember these are in therms so you need to take off one digit . Let me know if you have any questions . We need to get this done so that we can get a price to Portland my this afternoon . thanks , Kim
Thanks !
Dear Mr . Lopez , Attached is Enron North America's response to your RFP request for Natural Gas Supply to Frito-Lay's plants located in California . I have also attached your completed bid form and our comments to your Attachment 3 to the GISB contract . It is my hope that we are able to be the successful supplier to these plants . Please feel free to call me at any time to discuss our proposal as well as to answer any questions that you might have . Sincerely , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Mara , Could you break the attached volumes down to MMbtu/day for each facility as well as total per day ? thanks , Kim
I threw most of mine away - now I will munch on chocolate all afternoon . At least it tastes better !
I think I might show up - was going to work out here but it will be less crowded there . See you there
Thanks for the funny ! We had a rough couple of days and I am tired of being the daily headline but I am told that I am safe - at least from loosing my job . Although most of us have been told that we are safe - for now - everyone seems kind of down . I'll be glad when things are back to "normal" , whatever that is . Talk to you soon - Kim
Rob , I have passed your resume on to Barry and to Frank Vickers , who is Barry's equivalent for the East and Central desks . I hope you hear from one of them - Frank is an awesome guy and I would work for him anywhere ! I will keep you posted as I hear of other opportunies you might be interested in . I will do whatever I can to take care of Robbie Mac ! Kim
Brent , Attached is my response to your RFP request . Please let me know if you have any questions - Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
She was planning to go to Dallas Friday anyway . I will talk to her on Monday and see what the plan is .
Phillips ?
I will check on this - also , keep me posted on Conexant and let me know how you want to set it up . We are busy getting moved onto the new floor . Kim
also , who use to do the smurfit invoice and who is their boss - do you know ?
Wow - I think the world is coming to an end . All these huge changes . Not much going on over here - doing busines as usual - don't htink I will see a change for a few months , if at all . Maybe just some new faces - I think that there will be some hostility and not really looking forward to that part . Moved onto the new trading floor this morning - chaos ! But very nice . Unfortuneately , you know who is on my floor - bummer ! Anyway , as for Suzanne - she was with EES on a product development project . She worked with Corporate development on the Dynegy transaction and has been asked to stay on with Corp Dev to sell more asset through march or april . At least this way , she knows she is employed until then . She wasn't so sure about the EES gig and I think she is right . My parents were going to come here for Thanksgiving but my mother has this "feeling" that they shouldn't make the trip - so they aren't coming . Don't know for sure what I will do but I refuse to sit at home entertaining myself for 4 days - I am sick of hanging out with myself!! ! You are probobly going somewhere warmer and perhaps tropical ? I hope you have a great thanksgiving ! Lets get a beer after - its the holiday season and time for ( good ) cheer ! Kim
are you talking about JS ? thought she was going to kentucky ? I was going with my friend Elizabeth but she is probobly going to have to work on Friday . So I may just ride back with her . Trying to figure it all out .
As I am not involved in the daily operations behind this deal , I will need your input in order to respond to this request . As I have indicated , the frequency of cuts has caused tremedous concern and Citizens is considering walking away from this deal . They need assurance that this gas is going to flow in order to continue . Do we need to have a meeting ? And when can I expect a response from the desk ? Thanks , Kim
Let's meet today at 3:00 in conference room 6106 to discuss the griffth deal and our reply to citizens . If you are unable to make it , please let me know . Thanks , Kim
$3.18 plus origination
Jim , Just wondering if you had that list of counselors or if you were interested in setting something up . Kim
Sean , I will have a written response to you by tomarrow - the desk is "assuring me" that they have made some changes and we should expect better performance . Let me know what else you need and I will get this response to you tomarrow . Thanks , Kim
ok - I am here
I'm off my call
Terri , What's going on and how was your weekend ? We are still working on the TN/FLA party - Suzanne is worried about enough places for people to sit - but I say she shouldn't worry - just have a lot of beer ! Are you going to see PH over the holiday ? Don't know for sure what I am doing yet - thinking about going to Dallas - gotta work out the logistics though . Let's get together for a beer soon - Kim
I say lets do it ! and so does Terri . I will make Rotel dip and other stuff too . I think it will be fun - and maybe we can carry the party to the hood after ! Keep me posted on how your day is going . I kind of hope you get to go today to see your fam .
Thanks so much for your help ! Kim
when can we meet today to discuss our written response to Citizens ?
FYI , We are addressing this today . Grigsby knows they are pissed and he knows that I am pissed . If they expect me to continue to sell products involving service from their desk , and they get paid for that service , they are going to have to do a better job . Citizens isn't the only one that I feel has service issues from the desk .
Dan , Just wanted to follow up with you to see how things ended up with your RFP . I would really like to be the natural gas supplier to your plants in California . Please call me at your earliest convenience - 713-853-0685 . Thanks , Kim Ward Manager , West Gas Origination
Did either one of you guys work on the APEA ( American Public Energy Agency ) gas prepay deal ? I think it was done in 1999 and Laird Dyer worked on it . We are changing one of the counterparties and delivery points so we are going to need to amend some of the documents . I know you two are going to fight over this so as soon as the dust settles , let me know who wins ! Thanks , Kim Call me if you have questions or don't know what deal I am talking about . I have copies of some of the documents so they may be helpful .
if you are on continental , are you flying into IAH ? Maybe that is what I should do and we could take one cab . what do you think ?
in the case that you want to call him ! Kim
absolutely nothing . Just working on whatever I can . very slow . what about you ? what are you doing thanksgiving ?
Palo Alto for December . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
please remove me from your distribution list
please remove me from your distribution list
Stacy , The customer has requested that we send them 2 executable , signed copies of this contract . Could you have 2 executable copies of this contract prepared and sent down to me for signature ? I will have them sent to the customer . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
of course , I'm just tagging with you guys . Did you ever go to Christopher's ? I might go pick up some wine - any requests or recommendations ? And where do you want to leave from ?
Sean , Attached is our response to your request for a description of the steps Enron is taking to improve flows to the Griffith power plant . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
I found it ! It was in a box in my garage . Thanksgiving was just ok - have had better . how was yours and what did you do this weekend ?
came back from dallas friday - just went to houstons with a friend . Saturday , worked on the house and ran some errands . Went out saturday night and drank too much - just hung out yesterday . Nothing at all exciting ! I am very boring these days !
I went to this party with my friend Brad Fagan - we ended up at this loud bar and ran into P . - It wasn't much fun .
yes - he's always nice .
Here are my updates , Kim
Gerald , Have we sent or received these executed contracts ?
Can we overnight them ? and are you sending them to Art ?
Did you go this morning ? If not , do you want to go after work ?
thanks for the look
Terri , We are definitely watching the ballgame at suzanne's on saturday . I am getting an email list together so if you have some people you want to add , just let me know . How was Tennessee and your Thanksgiving ? Mine was just so , so . Worrying about work and my friends ( and self ) getting laid off . I do hope all is well with you - call me sometime this week - Kim
Jim , I made an appointment with Olivia for next Tuesday , if you can ge the authorization set up for me . thanks , Kim
Please remove my email address from your distribution list . I am unable to access your website - it is blocked by my company
please remove my email address from your distribution list .
please remove my email address from your distribution list .
Shannon , Would you let me know of any future cuts as soon as they occur so that I can let Sean know what is going on ? thanks , Kim
Megan , Are we going to owe Pasadena money for every invoice ? If not , since we owe them so much on this one , is there a way we can offset with future invoices where they owe us money ? Can we check into that ? Let me know - Kim
check this out - can you tell I am bored ?
what's happening ? I am bored .
you have to sign in . you are logged out . John John says hi .
Mine says you are not logged on . Send me a message . Your boyfriend Dave Fuller says hi now .
Wht do you think ? I was really bored today
yes
how's this
Suzanne , can you forward to Lori and Joe Gordon . Terri , Can you forward to Pierce , Stacy , and Donna ?
yes - he said you can . What's going on tonight .
you still here ?
please remove my email address from your distribution list .
Thanks you so much for working on these as fast as you have - there was a priority in getting them out . However , as you know , the less cash outlay that we have right now the better . Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done . What do you think the time frame is on this ? And when would be the earliest that we would make the payment ? Thanks , Kim
Patti is the one with the details , I'm just the deal maker and don't have access to any of the systems . All I know is what fixed priced baseload deals we have . I have no idea what flows . I hope Patti can help you soon . Let me know if you don't hear from her today . Thanks , Kim
thats fine - we can't pay them anyway
Are you going to hang out with me and Camille tonight ?
Jack , Thanks so much for the message . You are right , we are still a great trading organization . Unfortunately , we had some people outside this organization make mistakes . As for Tuesday , lets play it by ear . I think we will continue to be a business and I still consider you a great customer . Call me when you get into town and I will have a lot more information to share . Thanks again for your email - Kim
This makes 8
why are they doing this ?
So do we have a special agreement in place for the full requirements gas deal ? I think that you did that deal before I came to the gas desk . How can I get a copy of the penalty language ? Thanks , Kim
Please remove me from your email distribution list .
Mr . Dossett , I did not have your email address - however , I do recall inviting you verbally to the party , in person . No one else on that distribution list received such an honor . I am sorry you can't make it , as I know you have a black tie affair , however , there have been 12 girls who have accepted our invitation and only 3 guys . Therefore , my party might have a better ratio for you . Sorry you'll miss it ! And I have TN and 18 for a smoothie . Think I'll win ? Kim
please remove my email address from your distribution list .
are you going to this happy hour tonight ? Kim
Hey , just hanging in here to see what happens . Let me know if you know of anything out there that would help me pay bills ! We should know more next week . Kim
my number is 713-412-4571 ( cell ) and 713-526-7117 ( home ) Hope to see you guys there ! Kim
please remove my email address from your distribution list
1 ) Army Guerrara - 713-817-4180 - army710@msn.com - called about a gas originator in N . California 4 ) Patti Broderson - 770-792-1962 - Wyndham Mills - called about several jobs - one with FPL as a power originator in California Looks like I'm going to Denver to live with Paul Lucci - he said I wouldn't have to pay rent?!?!?!?!? ! Send me your list too .
Scotty , Long time - no email . How are you ? As you know , things aren't so good here . It is so sad!! ! Anyway , just wanted to put another bug in your ear - I'm still pro Atlanta . If you know of anything going on at Mirant that would be a fit for me - please let me know . West gas or power , origination or trading . Give me a call sometime - I don't know how long I will be at this desk but my number here is 713-853-0685 . My cell is 713-412-4571 . That shouldn't change . My email address at home is kward1@houston.rr.com . I do hope all is well with you - and that you keep in touch no matter what ! Take care , Kim
Hey , know of anyone or anything at Mirant that might make sense for me to talk to ?
Smurfit-Stone Container Pasadena Holly Sugar City of Palo Alto Patti , if there are others that I am not aware of , will you please let Kris know ? Thanks , Kim
I told you
As you probobly knew , Camille is gone . I missed working out with Dean this morning - oh well . Thought you might want to know about Camille .
Here's my stuff - 3110 lake St . Houston , 77098 . 713-526-7117 . kward1@houston.rr.com . Good Luck and please keep in touch . Kim
Hey , I called both of your contacts on Friday and have not heard back from either of them ! Does Kristin Stanton work for either of them ? Kim ps . I'm still at work - will know more by Monday
I am definitely in . Please let me know the details . I am so sorry to hear this . If you have Susie's address , can you send it to me ? Thanks , Kim
I'm fine so far - just looking for a job .  How are you ?
Kathy , I would like to change my United Way contribution for 2002 to $0 . Please let me know what information you need to make this change . Thanks , Kim Ward
Jeanie , I would like to change my United Way contribution to zero and it looks like Kathy is no longer with us . Who should I send my request to at this point ? Thanks , Kim
did you put that on my desk ?
Cliff , For gas day December 6 , 2001 , Enron did not schedule gas to the City of Mesa . I was unaware of this until late in the day Dec . 5 . Therefore , it is my interpretation , under section 12 of the contract , Enron is not providing sufficient gas supply to the City on this day . The City of Mesa should determine its best course of action based on the terms of the contract given the fact that Enron did not schedule gas for December 6th . Please notify me of any new supply or other course of action , as soon as possible . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
Some of you may have gotten a similar email before but it seems as though it is appropriate once again - I just wanted to pass on my personal information so that any of you can get in touch with me through a mean others than Enron - 3110 Lake Street 713-526-7117 ( home ) 713-412-4571 ( cell ) Please keep in touch ! Kim
check this out
Is this a new email address for you ?
But Oregon would be eaten alive by Miami - they haven't played anyone this year . Just got a call about a power originator job in Denver . Interesting !
hello
Lou , I am still here but I am unable to give out quotes at this time . Please accept my apologies and I will be in touch once things are straightened out around here . Kim
I faxed these documents to you earlier . If you did not get them , please let me know . Thanks , Kim
Garrett , I do have E.'s home email address - emainzer@attbi.com . Thought you might like it . Talk to you soon ! Kim
If I wasn't going to phx tomarrow I would say lets go !
how do you get into expert finder ?
Hey , I don't have your cell phone number because I am unorganized ! Call me at work if you get a chance today - 713-853-0685 . Leaving at 12:30 to go to Phoenix . HOpe you're ok , Kim
worked
FYI - here are the plans for New Years - you should join us . This is going to be fun ! 27th - Camille arrives in Denver 28th - Kim arrives in Denver 29th a.m . - Kim , Camille , Gayleen , Molly , Paul , and Paul's friend drive to Vail , ski , and play . Stay in Vail ( Paul has reserved 2 rooms ) 30th - ski Vail and drive back to denver 31st - Paul is responsible for finding an awesome party for us in Denver . 1st - Kim goes back to Houston ( to pack for the Caribbean! ) Paul has all the details if you are interested - Kim
Megan , Mara has been terminated so I looked in our files and found a spreadsheet for November . However , it doesn't have the volumes filled in . Shannon Groenewald should be able to provide you with the actual volumes and all you should have to do is add them to this spreadsheet . I have copied Shannon on this email so she should expect to hear from you . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
I hope you are doing well . I just talked to Wende and we discussed having lunch with you on the 26th . My flight isn't until 7 pm that day and I would love to see you . I hope you will be able to make it ! My job search is going well . I was in Denver yesterday and that looks promising . I may just wait for the new deal here to go through to see what is still left with the "new company" . I am traveling Jan 3 - 12 so it just makes sense to wait ! We can chat more when I see you ! Let either me or Wende know if you can make it ! Talk to you later - Love , Kim
check out the following websites for airfare: www.orbitz.com - the best so far . www.hotwire.com - with this one , you see the offer but won't know the airline or flight times until you lift the offer register for sidestep and it will show you what priceline offers anytime you look for airfare under any other platform Then of course , there is expedia and travelocity - but they tend to be more expensive . Also , sometimes when you check the same website again 5 minutes later , it will show a better price . Don't forget - tomarrow is 7 days in advance ( that might matter ) p.s . If you want to see how UN attractive my friends are - we are going to be a the wine bucket ( new place - W . Alabama just east of Kirby ) at 6 pm tonight . Suzanne , Camille , Jeanie , Lori , Elizabeth . You can check Camille out for yourself . Bring others along .
Mary , Attached is a letter providing notification of our cancellation as authorized market for the city of Pasadena . Please let me know if you have any quesitons . Thanks , Kim Ward
303-575-6474 work 303-810-5708 cell 303-469-6768 home 303-575-6473 work 303-807-3961 cell 303-674-5459 home
Patti , Just a reminder that we are no longer authorized marketer for Pasadena or Smurfit . HOwever , we are acting as agent for Pasadena and will continue to schedule for them . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kim
I sent the spreadsheet and instructions to Megan Parker . She should be putting it together for you . Thanks , Kim ps . I will be out until Jan . 14 except for checking in on the 28th and the 2nd .
$353 - you have no excuse !
We are not authorized marketer - only agent . In other words , we are scheduling for them but not supplying their gas .
Shelly , I would like for David and I to handle this process from the Office of the Chair in order to ensure an orderly deployment of needed resources . Please facilitate through Mr . Oxley . Regards Delainey
Dan , I can't open - please send hard copy . Regards Delainey
Guys , as part of the new A&A program being rolled out by the ENE Office of the Chair , a new Associate and Analyst PRC is being set up . I have nominated you as the six people from ENA to be on this PRC . You will represent ENA's A&A's and participate in the evaluation and ranking across the entire company . This is a very important function - please represent us well . Regards Delainey
Mike , who is working on the Duke restructuring now ? Regards Delainey
How do we immunize ourselves from the workouts being shed into Raptor ? Regards Delainey
Gere , just following up on the offsite - have you all agreed on the target producer list for the insurance product ? How is the peaker product developing ? Regards Delainey
That may work - I don't want to end up with an equity position I just worked hard to eliminate . Further , raptor may be a good accounting hedge but if we took back JEDI's share at existing marks we would be destroying significant real value . Will the buy back price of the equity/debt we get back from JEDI incorporate the write downs we think should occur ? Regards Delainey
David , once you get the demand lets discuss before deployment . Regards Delainey
Mike , I will want to see those economics . Thanks Delainey
Sounds good - lets see if we can start marketing the product and the capability . Regards Delainey
Sounds good - I think you have a great opportunity in this market - I would suggest staffing aggressively in order to take the first mover advantage . I note the associate needs . Regards Delainey
Maybe that commercial is closer than to the truth than I thought . .... . Regards Delainey
both
Scott , what is our emissions strategy for these counterparties ? Regards Delainey
Chris , when did BP Amoco get involved ? I thought we were dealing with Avista . Regards Delainey
Scott , you need to make your own call on that one - I think you could add value in either . Regards Delainey
Mike Moulton has been pursuing an idea in the technology area for a while . The sponsorship of this idea clearly fits in Net Works . Could one of youfine gentlemen give his idea a test drive ? I would much appreciate if youcould give him a call . Regards Delainey
Guys , I understand that none of the facilities were available today - I thought we were targeting 750 MW . What is the updated availability schedule for each unit ? We are only a couple of weeks from June 1 . Please advise . Regards Delainey
Lew , it looks like I have some appointments I can't get out of on the 24th; however , we could be out there by noon on the 25th . How does that fit ? I did get a call from Mike letting me know that he would be sending over the CA . Regards Delainey
Joe , I would appreciate a quick call by you to Larry to ensure that his organization is focused to get these plants over the goal line ASAP . We still have technical issues with the vendor that need to be addressed . I believe EE&CC is working the issues; however , a phone call from you to emphasize the importance to Enron will add extra encouragement . Thanks . Regards Delainey
Guys , have we started the mobilization on the tear-down of the two 501FD's at Gleason ? Will they be machining the equipment on site - it appears to me that we should not let that equipment leave the site if possible . Do we have a credible site rep from Westinghouse for both Wheatland and Gleason ? Please advise . Thanks Delainey
Guys , I appreciate the updates . Please ensure 1 ) that you , as ENA , are integrated 2 ) deliver a very clear expectation with EE&CC with a credible plan and 3 ) that you scream bloody murder if a deliverable is missed . You will need to bird-dog this to closure on an hourly basis to ensure that we get over the goal line . Keep me in the loop daily so that I can keep the pressure on at a senior level . Regards Delainey
Rob , does the new contract have the same price or is it an increase ? If it is at the same price , I would agree with Barry that this is a very visable display of Enron Canada's participation in the business and social community and it should continue to sponsor the flame . On the accounting front , expense it in Canada - it will be an explainable variance for this year and budgeted next . Let discuss Regards Delainey
Thxs Joe -much appreciated . Dave
Jere , please forward the list of targets . Let me speak initially with John - lets try and get this done today . I appreciate the effort on the peakers . As well , I would suggest we start discussions with Reeding & Bates which according to both Redmond and Thompson is a live deal . Thanks Delainey
Looks rather impressive . Good job . Regards Delainey
This looks good Mike - I appreciate the efforts . Regard Delainey
Mike , I forwarded your interest to Whalley , McConnel and McMahon . Any technology effort really should be lead by NetWorks . This is consistent wiSkillings strategy and what has been communicated to the analysts . You should receive a call from one of these gentlemen . Regards Delainey
Chris , I can assure you that I was not part of the "organization" . Got the books - going throough now and I will get back to you . Keep Avista's feet to the fire . speak with you soon . Regards Delainey
Jere , I spoke with Scott on these targets and his belief is that both himself , Allen and John have significant relationships with these folks which should help leverage your product into this sector . Scott and John have agreed to set up these meetings with the decision makers in these targets with no delay . From there , you , John and Scott can determine what deal team will go speak to them about the opportunities . I would expect that we will be in front of these folks ASAP . Lets see how the product is embraced by these customers before we extend the target list and create a more formal alignment of the groups . As per your earlier e-mail , I assume you are working on the Reeding & Bates opportunity . Regards Delainey
FYI
Tammy , please ensure that budgets and cost tracking similar to the peakers/Doyle are set up ASAP for Austin and Vitro . These should be updated and circulated weely . Regards Delainey
Rob , Andy Fastow is the only one who has not signed the DASH . He may have a few questions please give him a call . Otherwise , Kay Chapman and/or Mark Frank have the DASH . I have signed . Regards Delainey
I am in Florida - I think I am available the night of the 24th for the baseball game . Kay please follow up - I would like to make the game . regards Delainey
Larry and Joe , Is there any additional moral pressure that we can put on Westinghouse to get the resources needed to expedite the resolution of the Gleason 501FD issues and the vibration issues at Wheatland ? The phone call by Larry to GE has made a world of difference . Regards Delainey
FYI
Kay , try and schedule me in
Bill , can you set up a meeting to discuss credit issues . just you and I is fine . Regards Delainey
Guys , Swank has confirmed with me that he is committed to join the mid-market group in east power and make a difference . I would strongly support his movement into either SERC or ECAR as per our earlier discussion . I hope to be moving several experienced dealmakers into the gas and power mid-market groups to increase our deal-making skills and relationships in those markets . I would also hope to move a reasonable number of new associates ( that only rotate within trading and mid-market ) to the various desks . The goal is to increase the bench strength of the trading and mid-market groups plus support John's iniatives on the fundamental groups . Regards Delainey
Tom , you are making the right call - give me a day or two to manage the positions . Regards Delainey
Jere , I understand your frustruation and I am very motived to prove out the insurance product; however , I do think John has a legitimate concern ( especially given the fact that this group blew up very publically internally and externally and we need to repair the image internally and market perception externally in order to be successful in the future ) surrounding multiple groups covering the same customers with different stories . You guys could not work this out - so I offered a compromise position which involved a well coordinated test marketing iniative ( this was agreed to by you and John at the offsite): a ) the insurance group was to identify the initial 5 to 10 target customer list that ENA would pitch the product to which should give us a determination if this is a commercially viable product; b ) John and Scott would facilitate the contact with the customers to ensure a consistent face and story with the customers - if you guys can sit down and come up with an alternative that works for you - great; regardless , John had promised me that he would do everything necessary to facilitate and promote this capability to these customers ASAP; c ) both groups would put a deal team together and get out there ASAP; d ) if the test marketing of the product is successful; I agree that we need to sit down and discuss how we formally allign the interests of these groups . This appears to be a reasonable and logical approach on an interim basis . Regards Delainey
Any ideas ? These guys ( John & Jere ) just can't get it together . Regards Delainey
Kevin , I would like more detail on these issues of which I was not aware - lets discuss next week . Regards Delainey
I think it would be great if Dan and Kevin could participate . Regards Delainey
Janet , I though we signed a turnkey with NEPCO - there should not be any overruns to your P&L if that is the case . Regards Delainey
Rob , I think we should renew the flame for the three year period . My understanding is that it is $75 K Cdn per year roughly . Not paid up-front and cancellable if Flames leave Calgary or disappear . Expense in Canada . It is your call ultimately . Regards Delainey
Celeste , try and get him scheduled into the Super Saturday if possible so that the risk guys can take a look at him . If that can't be done then give me a call . Regards Delainey
Ben , why are we distributing this ? It is inaccurate and I'm not sure I want it floating around the place . Regards Delainey
Guys , I will set up a monthly meeting between myself and you guys to discuss deal flow , priorities and strategy - I think you will find that more effective and I can keep the other meeting small . Kay , please set up . Regards Delainey
John , great job ! Please , work with Jeff to move the longer term deal along . Regards Delainey
Dick ,  I appreciate the effort on the Moore project - I would hope that there is more than a $2m saving in the scope . This plant is still showing $460 to $470/Kw given current economics . I am still puzzled by this . Regards Delainey
Eric , we need more than $2M saving to get this deal to clear the hurdle . I think we need to get to $350 to $400/kw firm including IDC to make this viable . Please ensure that NEPCO is working to figure out the disconnect . Regards Delainey
Rodney , please give Cliff a call . I spoke with him today . He will handle . Please fill him in on your discussions to date . Thanks Delainey
This is great Rob ! Regards Delainey
Good job - Randy . Live to fight another day - I don't know if you know but I settled with Fort James - we ripped up all three contracts for no money that netted us approximately $15M in value through the elimination of the two power contracts in the NW . Wertz was on the other side . Thought you might want to know . Thanks Delainey
Eric , I am on the road - I really don't have much to say . We have had very little interaction . Regards Delainey
This is great - please update and forward weekly . Regards Delainey
Rob,this deal is not dead; I am primarly waiting on NEPCO numbers . You should be moving down the road on the deconstruction , refurbishment and movement of the NB machines . You should also be doing any development work ( permits , interconnection agreements et al ) you need to do to maintain the optionality of this project ( let me know if the expenses get above $1MM) . Randy , please facilitate . Mike , can we put the screws to ABB given the significant transformer business we forwarded their way ? Laura , we probably need to make a call on the Peoples turbine pretty soon . Eric/Rob , I think we need to see the project with IDC come in between 350 to 400/kw to be viable or I need a very detailed analysis of why it costs significantly more than a Frame 7 machine in the US markets . I would like see us make this work . Regards Delainey
Mike , why would it cost $450 to $470/kw for the Moore project ? It is a 4 unit ABB configuration and the turbine costs appear to be in line with Wilton 7EA's on a kw basis .
kay,please approve in the PEP system . thanks Dave
Don , lets hang tough for a day or two . Nothing needed for Cinergy . Regards Delainey
Mark , you have this one ! Regards Delainey
Guys , we are working to put together the final team to manage this issue; however , it isJeff Skilling's call to keep Delainey , Milnthorp and Keohane out of the day to day fray on this issue . I believe this is the right call . Commercial and legal resources from Houston will manage this issue on a go forward basis and may call on you as a resource if needed from time to time . You have done a very great job managing this issue to date and your efforts on that front are much appreciated . Our focus should return to growing the business and meeting our financial targets . Peter , I believe that Mark H . would like you to stay involved through the Friday conference call that is scheduled . Regards Delainey
Delainey
yes
OK
Regards Delainey
Ben , don't do anything at this point . It is not needed . Regards Delainey
please approve in system
Don , with regard to your previous message please contact Michael . Regards Delainey
What about Barry and Eric ? This looks good . regards Delainey
Ed , this looks great!!! ! Please ensure that the focus is on coverage , deal flow and building markets . I want to avoid two groups hunting strategic elephants ( ie ) east origination and development so ensure the scope is consistent with mid-market coverage and feeding the desk deals and info . In the case of building or purchasing assets please let Jacoby's group handle . Any deal or lead that significantly disrupts coverage or takes you or your people out of the market please pass or coordinate with origination or development There is bound to be some conflict between the strategic origination groups and you - please keep to a minimum and resolve in a manner consistent with one team and doing the right thing . Please provide John and I a monthly report of customer transactions completed , coverage plans and "market building iniatives" . Let me know how I can assist in any way in recruiting or transactions . Regards Delainey
Tim , in the east power group and the gas groups , we are trying to build a mid-market capability(deal flow , information and coverage ) consistent with the largest energy merchant in N.A. . Please see tha attached . I would be curious to talk to you about your structure , coverage functions and market building iniatives . I recognize that you and your group have been the most effective and proactive group in these areas for some time . Is there areas where we could be more aggressive or proactive ? Can I get you more resources to cover the market more aggresively ? Lets discuss . Regards Delainey
Jeff , I would like to discuss this with you and your plans in gas . Regards Delainey
Please follow up with this person if interested . Regards Delainey
I think Jean is gong to be there - thats ok . Regards Delainey
Guys , the project should be charged market based rates and ENA is not in the business of subsidizing international projects . This is particularily the case if we are not going to hold a continued interest in the project . However , if we can not reach a term O&M agreement please maintain the optionality in the project by managing the facility on a direct bill basis to APACHI until they find an alternative provider . Do not in any event abandon any assets at any time . Regards Delainey
Where did he rank against other folks at the super saturday ? I would argue that if he was in the top 30% , we should accomodate his need . regards
Gary , I have not heard much more on this issue - are you ok with this ? Regards Delainey
Guys , I am getting the impression that we are having quality control issues - it just sounds sloppy ? Am I wrong ? Do we need more focused resources ? Regards Delainey
Jeff , what is your current thought process on TXU ? Regards Delainey
Ray , I am ok with Nick and his group managing if Redmond/Mrha are ok . Like Rebox , whoever is technically responsible is highly accountable to ensure that reporting and procedures are correctly followed and that the project comes in on time , budget and technically works . In this capacity , I would like that engineer to report to you or Wayne Mays . Regards Delainey
please handle regards
Guys , as a follow up to our mtg - the following deliverables were agreed to: a ) CMS/Noxtech deal structure - outsource product - McClellan/Affelt - next week; b ) ERC strategy in California - McGowan- couple weeks; c ) fundamental analysis completion on California , NE and MW - McGowan - ongoing; d ) regulatory support for SO2 and NOX - George to speak to Genelle; Delainey speaks to Shapiro/Kean . Regards Delainey
Guys , as a follow up to our meeting - the deliverables include: a ) producer team - Jones/Polzin - one live deal/prospect from the producer sector for the insurance product in third quarter; b ) power team - Duran/Overdyke - one live deal/prospect from the IPP sector for the insurance product in the third quarter . Thanks Regards Delainey
I believe this has been handled appropriately; however , FYI . Regards Delainey
rodney , are you managing and coordinating these reference requests for ENA to EES ? I think that these requests need to be highly controlled into the EES organization at a high level and screened by you as being necessary or not . Regards Delainey
Tim , my understanding is that partnership fee ( the $11.0M ) has been amortized for the last several years and expensed to the Industrial groups ( McConville and Ondarza) . As you are aware , I sued them for breach . The settlement involved the elimination of all existing transactions between Ft . James and Enron including the Wauna and Halsey power contracts . It is my understanding that the benefit of the elimination of those shorts resides in the Portland shop . The elimination of the shorts would not have occurred without the lawsuit on the alliance and the settlement I originated . It seemed logical to charge the Portland office with the remaining un-amortized fee of $1.8M as a cost of eliminating the shorts for no cost and no future contingent liability . Lets discuss . Regards Delainey
Guys , I will forward the info as it becomes available . There appears to be one project in Texas and one in California which are well down the development road . If interested in these projects , which have to meet a December 2001 COD in order to get the tax credit , I would suggest that we purchase the development sites and turbines from Enron Wind and keep the asset , commodity position , tax credit and possible green credits in ENA . They are Ok with that strategy . This is an opportuntity that needs to fleshed out fairly quickly - Ben and Dave can you lead this analysis with close contact with Doug and Tim on the desk . We can get together to discuss if you like . Regards Delainey
Joe , thanks for the assistance . We have a few items still outstanding on the Doyle ( Georgia PPA with Ogelthorpe ) unit; however , It looks like we have the '99 and '00 plants completed . The 2001 program is much smaller . I will follow up shortly . Regards Delainey
Wes , expense the amortization to Office of the Chairman not West Power or Origination . Regards Delainey
Jeff , lets try to get consensus in how the east desk might work and then discuss next steps at that point . thanks Regards Delainey
Guys , please attend if available . Regards Delainey
that is correct
You know what - I agree! ! Don't let it go to your head . Dave
Rick , in the interest of preserving trees and keeping the information reasonably controlled , I would distribute this to senior managment and the portfolio managers in each origination group responsible for each investment . Portfolio Managers Steve Pruett - Energy Capital Resources - ( E&P ) Chuck Ward - Generation Investments Chris Helfrick - Industrials and Coal Michael Miller - Principal Investing Richard Lydecker - Restructuring Ray Bowen - CTG Andrea Reed - CTG Wes Colwell - Controller Jordan Mintz - Tax Management Jeff Skilling Joe Sutton Mark Frevert Dave Delainey I don't think we need to distribute this data farther . The business unit heads in the finance origination groups can access their portfolio manager for the data if needed . Regards Delainey
Bob , I know that you made this work !  ! This recovery plan is exceptional . Regards Delainey
Rob , makes sense . How does this change our view on Moore ? Delainey
Guys , please come up with a plan to meet Ben's requirements . The key sites/jobs for 2001/2002 include: - Project Moore ( Ontario ) - 06/01; -Coyote - early '02; Regards Delainey
Forgot one: Delainey
Sounds promising - keep it moving . Regards Delainey
Bill , how are we making out on the credit reviews for some of these customers where Fred has waived his objection ? Regards Delainey
Thxs Greg
Guys , we are set up for a meeting with the ENA Office of the Chairman to discuss ENA's generation strategy and iniatives for Thursday , July 6 th from 7:30AM to 11:00 AM . The purpose of the meeting is to get buy -off on the strategy and start the approval process ( DASH and Board/Skilling ) specifically for Moore , LV Cogen and Pastoria . Proposed Agenda: a ) Overview - overall map - current turbine book - Pastoria - DASH and approvals; - Coyote Springs - one page update - fyi; - other - few pages on future development strategy in west - fyi and approvals; - Project Moore - DASH and approvals; - other - few pages on future development strategy in Canada - fyi and approvals; - Austin Energy - one page update - fyi; - Florida project - overall proposal - many pages necessary to get approval - fyi and approvals; - other - few pages on future development strategy in east - fyi and approvals; - Monterrey project - couple page update - fyi; Regards Delainey
Jeff , sounds great . Regards Delainey
Guys , we are getting close to completing the quarter , the following gross margin is expected from each of these groups before the end of the week . If there is any issue of any type please give me or Wes a call . If there are any upsides to these numbers please let us know as well . East Origination $1.000 M West Origination $9.086 M ( inclusive of all QF fair value ) Industrial ( incl trading ) $12.899 M Generation Invest $45.350 M ( including fair value and accretion on ECP ) ENA Upstream $41.112 M ( including Sithe earnings plus HPL , LRC and upstream origination ) Equity Portfolio Current MPR for quarter ( $26.786M ) ( large positions - moves with market ) plus an additional writedown of ( $279K ) equivalent to $27.5 M less ECP and West QF earnings listed above minus $10M . Regards Delainey
Guys the PRC has been moved to 11:00 . Regards Delainey
Greg , it is really up to you - if you have other things to do don't worry about it . Regards Delainey
Janet , thanks for the note - I have you down for a firm incremental $3.875 M net to Enron . Regards Delainey
Guys , as per our discussion , I am assuming that the upstream group will provide gross margin ( not including trading ) of $30.7M net of the HPL compressor writedown of $3.0M . Regards Delainey
Don , in my opinion options 1 & 2 are the same and 3 is not an option . I would like to provide an outsourcing deal that earns us fees and provides information . We will manage the internal issues . A properly priced and scoped term outsourcing deal should be doable . Please speak with Sally Beck and Beth Perleman . Regards Delainey
Nella , sorry to see you go; however , best of luck in all your future endeavours . Regards Delainey
Guys , good job with the California issues - we didn't get everything but we managed the position in a very effective manner . Jim , given our view to support the growth of the ISO structures as a necessary evil and given the socio-political leaning of these entities , should we be more actively or aggressively supporting or nominating directors on these boards ? Jim/Rick , we need a full court press on this NEPool ICAP issue - Allegretti is putting plan in place . Regards Delainey
Guys , your teams did a great job managing a very difficult situation with very few material effects to the organization . It is noticed and appreciated please pass on to your organization if you feel appropriate . Regards Delainey
Guys , what is the contingency plan to manage these outages in the event we can't manage this as effectively in future situations ? Regards Delainey
Ed , sounds like you have this handled - I would like to use your report as the example to use in other groups . It can wait until you have it all completed . You may want to think about EOL as well ( ie ) how many companies have you brought on-line , etc . summary: - coverage metrics; - completed deals; - hot list; Delainey
Jim , I agree - lets put a plan in place to ensure appropriate representation at these ISO's ( not unlike PAC ) and ensure that FERC is not abdicating their responsibilities . The three of us probably need to get together and discuss tactics around a number of issues . Jim , I am also curious where you are in your thoughts and plans given your new role . Regards Delainey
Mary , I'm just curious why you need that info but it is 0 outside Enron comp plans . Regards Delainey
Scott , sounds great! ! Can't wait for the next one . Regards Delainey
Guys , as a follow up to our meeting today , I thought I would put together a list of deliverables agreed to in the meeting . The goal would be to have a definitive strategy for HPL and storage assets by the end of July that could be acted upon . a ) Elimination of the Entex contract - current value - John L.; b ) Storage value algorithm incorporating spread values , increasing intra-day and monthly volatility and blowdown values - Jean M , John L , Jim S.; c ) Storage acquisition targets and issues surrounding value/execution - top 5 to 10 for blowdown and tarantula strategy - Jean M , Julie G.; d ) Structure , value , cost and issues surrounding Bammel "header" - Jean M.; e ) Project Torque - definitive balance sheet , income statement and contribution margin statement for HPL - Wes C.; f ) Establish viability of selling HPL assets - small private placement - working with Lehman to finalize value , exection risk , timing , structure et al I would like this group to get back together in the fourth week of July to determine a final action plan . Regards Delainey
Waiting for the number and rationale . I will get back to you shortly . Regards Delainey Steve , please provide me a reasonable offer on the C-Gas asset . Please provide rationale for economics . As per our earlier discussion . Regards Delainey
kay please schedule regards
Mark , noted - early in the process . regards
Mike , I want to see the final costs before determining . My understanding is that there is still significant expenses outstanding . Regards Delainey
Eric , this looks good . Regards Delainey
Rick ,  good result in California so far - what is the status of our plan for New England ICAP issues ? Regards Delainey
Ronnie , this sounds like good news . I think the project team managed the #1 turbine problem heroically . Talk to you soon . Regards Delainey
Jeff , have you finalized how Jenn and Craig will split out the industrial segments ? They should also come up with their business plans and a reporting matrix similar to what you are doing with the desks . How are you making out at the desk level in implementing our previous discussions with Scott and the remainder of the desks ? Regards Delainey
Kay , why are we waiting to the end of August! ! Regards Delainey
I would like to thank all of you for putting quality time and effort into this important process . There is nothing more important to ENA than attracting and retaining the most talanted and innovative people . Effectively immediately , written and oral feedback for commercial managers and directors can be delivered . As per our discussion , the PRC process is primarily a feedback , performance management and staff planning tool . It provides a data point for bonus purposes; however , it is not the only determinant . In the interest of ensuring the most effective performance management tool , I would suggest that we implement the following: a)For employees ranked in the strong and above categories , the ultimate ranking should not be communicated and the message should focus on progress towards identified commercial goals and objectives and progress towards the further development of desirable leadership and commerical capabilities . Written and oral feedback should be delivered immediately; b ) For employees ranked in the satisfactory , needs improvement and issues category , the ultimate ranking should be communicated to ensure approriate documentation of performance and to stimulate a plan to rectify or cure performance issues . For the satisfactory category , the message should focus on increasing deal-flow , financial performance and productivity . The bar is always being raised . For the needs improvement category , the message should focus on turning around poor performance over the next six months . For the issues category , the business unit manager should determine , in conjunction with your HR rep. , the appropriate plan to find a better "fit" in the organization or counsel out . Regardless , the ENA Office of the Chairman will require a written plan of action for all employees in the needs improvement and issues category from the business unit manager documenting the plan of action to rectify performance . Vice President ranking can not be communicated until after the Enron VP PRC currently scheduled for July 31st . I anticipate a similar process as above with our officer feedback process . Associate and Analyst rankings can not be communicated until after the Enron A&A PRC currently scheduled for July 19th . Other identified action items from the meetings include: a ) the HR group will put together a "profile and performance book" for ENA's A&A's to ensure our representatives can augment performance information at the July 19th meeting; b ) ENA will be aggressively attempting to retain highest performing A&A's to continue rotating within ENA; c ) ENA will be holding an additional "off-cycle" A&A super-saturday for Houston and Portland in August to augment our capabilities in this area; and d ) your HR representative is building a pipeline of outside employment candidates for your review each week . Please review these resumes in a timely basis and let them know your interest or lack thereof . Please communicate to your organization as appropriate . Regards Mark and Dave
Kay , please forward to Scott Josey , John C Thompson and Julie Murray . I could not find them on e-mail . Regards Delainey
Kay , please forward to Max Yzaguirre . The e-mail failed . Regards Delainey
Guys , this is the real deal - we need to be ahead of this!! ! How are we making out on acquiring brownfield sites and formulating a strategy ? Regards Delainey
Jeff , what exactly do you want Craig going to be doing ? Please forward a job scope for Jen and Craig . Then I will speak with Max if appropriate . I apologize but we have spoken about a lot of different scopes - it would be helpful to start from a scope on a piece of paper that we both agree upon . Just e-mail . Thanks Jeff . Regards Delainey
I agree with Jeff - we need to have a more concrete plan and capability . Let me know what you want me to do . Regards Delainey
Sounds great! ! Regards Delainey
Laura , I would like to congratulate you and your group on a very successful quarter . Hats off to the team! ! Let me know how I can help . Please forward to your organization as appropriate . Regards Delainey
Thanks Mike - great job on the 2000's and the recovery at Doyle . Lets together once the accounting is completed and determine what is appropriate in fee to pay . Regards Delainey
Janet , scheduling this is a nightmare - if Ben can't make it you can cover . Thanks Dave
Mike , this looks great - looking forward to seeing your final thoughts . Regards Delainey
Ray , couple of comments: a ) Donahue is responsible for the portfolio management function but also incorporate the idea of Jeff being responsible for ENA's "capital book" ( ie ) managing existing deals and intimately involved in conjunction with Treasury and the various origination groups of which finance transactions get or don't get on our books; b ) Has Fastow clearly put Defner in the ENA Treasurer role ? - if so we should also mention this in the note; c ) Chuck Ward (  Generation Investments); Don Miller (  Merchant Generation); and d ) with regard to commodity structuring ensure it is clear that they will facilitate and structure the highest priority/value transactions across the organization even though they report to Janet ( ie ) they don't just work on East Origination deals . Let me see the final before release . Make sure Mark is on side . Regards Delainey
On the fee , let Mike manage he knows my thoughts . Regards Delainey
Guys , any interest ? Regards Delainey
Guys , we need to figure this out in the next couple weeks . John do you want to take a stab based on manager , director and VP rankings ? Regards Delainey
Ray , if Mark does not have any other comments - lets go ahead and send the memo out ASAP . Regards Delainey
Rick , looks like a good start - as per our discussion , this is a very important issue . Janet , please assist on the UI front if necessary . Regards Delainey
Jeff , I don't believe the offer I showed you of $39 M is unreasonable . In fact the team had recommended $42 M based on a number of measures . I see the 6X multiple of annualized Q2 earnings as one of the best measures of the potential value of this company . I don't see it in the best interests of Enron to be transferring assets below a reasonable market value between business units . You can trust that I will be keeping the Energy Capital Resources team's feet to the fire on the realization of this value if you do not purchase the company . If you and Steve can come up with a better indication of value , I will support that transaction . Regards Delainey
Steve , please call Jeff and go through in detail how we got to our valuation of approximately $39 M . Please ensure that this is a reasonable facsimile of value that ENA would accreate over the short to medium term assuming your continued management . Let me know where you end up . Regards Delainey
George , it is probably worth speaking to them about the US assets - probably the smaller Virginia sites which are probably less core and may be great brownfield sites . I'm not sure we would have an interest in UK coal fired assets . I would speak to Sherriff on that one . However , I would caution that real value is created through RAPID brownfield development leveraging on Enron's development , electricity , coal and emissions talents . For ComEd and Homer City , Mission has already paid up for these assets based on gas being on the margin . Now that was before a lot of the run up so it may be worthwhile; however , I think it may be difficult to arb these guys . As well , I think it may be difficult to get the asset out of them - I'm not sure that they can turn their strategy or show a loss this quickly from a Wall Street point of view . We should probably take a shot at the smaller probably less core Virginia assets . Are they in QF , if so there may be upside in the deal from Duran's point of view. . Dave , given the rise in gas prices and gas being on the margin for a larger part of the load curve , coal assets or coal QF's may be great assets for us from a restructuring and power asset ( expansion/brownfield ) point of view . Have we looked at this ? Are there many in the market ? Regards Delainey
How could coal fired QF's play into your and George's strategy ? Regards Delainey
Janet , we have been down the road with these guys before and it was not very pleasant . I think it is hightly unlikely that Larry will be coming up with an additional 7FA turbine - but you can call him . I'm also starting to think as the LM position starts to get better managed that maybe you and Chris should take the D5's and 7EA's onto your book . Something to think about , I am just concerned about your ability to manage more complex deals without some resource availability . I think you have to feel pretty good about the LM position first . Something to think about ? Regards Delainey
FYI
Richard , I think I am starting to obsess and I really don't want you guys working on this; however , it think that it is very odd that this Griffin guy over an eight week process , two registered letters and a phone conversation does not send a letter or bring up this "Chrome Dreams" issue from 1986 with us until this lawsuit is filed without our knowledge . This guys sounds a little off . Regards Delainey
Guys , where is Rebox - it seems to have disappeared ? I assume you guys are working on the accounting issues necessary to book the swaps on the Garden State deal . Regards Delainey
Chris , did we get the DASH completed and approved on Pasotria and LV Cogen ? Rob , I have not heard what the plan of action is with Moore ? Rob , what would be the necessary steps needed to book all or some of the Bruce deal in Q3 ? Regards Delainey
David , I wouldn't do the Brown Bag ( too often- too hard to keep doing); I wouldn't do the Social Gathering ( too country clubish); I like the Monthly Dinner/Cocktail Hour/Ballgame , etc with the OTC and parts of the management team as a forum to identify talent , give A&A's exposure to the management team and to "sell" ENA . I would suggest that we make it every two months rather than monthly . However , I would have the first one very quickly for the top rated A&A in ENA that are due to rotate soon in order to try and pitch them on staying in ENA - maybe dinner and ballgame . For the resource management and coaching part of the program , lets wait until we see where we end up on any possible changes to the program first . I assume that you are working on a couple strawmen on possible alternatives . Once we have a few ideas , I would like to pitch Whalley , Sherriff and Mark when I get back . Lets go ahead and implement above ASAP . Regards Delainey
Wes , we have the following dates set up: a ) East Midstream and QF Restructuring - Aug 15; c ) Canada Origination - Aug 16; d ) West Midstream - Aug 17; e ) HPL , LRC and Upstream Origination - Aug 28 . We are setting up the remainder as we speak . I have some final comments on the packages you gave me; however , the color printing will not fax so we need to find time to discuss . Please fax the Friday "package" and the final Q2 numbers . Regards Delainey
Jeff , I am not aware of any questions . Regards Delainey
Whats's up with these machines - are we paying for past good luck ? Regards Delainey
Rob , please follow up with Dorie she will handle the process for you . Regards Delainey
Rodney , interesting title- is someone giving you grief on this strategy ? Regards Delainey
Don , couple of points: a ) would take a page to describe the Bridgeline structure ( ie ) we have done this before; b ) haven't we done more that 150,000 transactions ? c ) we are getting paid a fee for providing the back-office services ? Let me see what you come up with after discussing with Presto et al . Regards Delainey
Good job Rodney - keep me up to speed and let me know where I can help . Regards Delainey
Janet , its your book - if you feel we have the LM's licked and we need the resources/the value at risk is minimal , I would go ahead . I would get Calger on side as well . Regards Delainey
looks fine to me regards
Don , go ahead and set it up - what have been discussing with them on the gas side ? Did CSFB tell them about the $400 Kw capital cost plus the three year Tell Beverly or Kay to make time for next week if Mr Forster can make it . Regards Delainey
I'm already perfect : )
Unless asked just bring your smile . Regards Delainey
Jeff , my team believes that there should be a premium to book in the range we quoted to you; however , I appreciate your interest . I would agree that we have spent enough time on this and it is time to move on . Regards Delainey
Wes , please have the detailed HPL numbers available to discuss on Monday . Regards Delainey
Guys , lets set up a meeting between the three of us on Monday ASAP to discuss . I have a few ideas and I probably need to go have dinner with Lew to get him comfortable . This may be setting up to be a larger asset management transaction . Don can you try and find a time next week with Lew for me to have dinner - get Beverly to schedule the plane to get me in and out that day . If not next week then early the following . I think it will take a one on one with Lew to get this one centered . At our meeting , I would also like a status update on the other iniatives eg ) The accounting issues on the generation projects need to be addressed as well . Regards Delainey
Jordan , I assume the memo I asked for is in hard copy on my desk . Thanks Delainey
I think we have the wrong date and time on this one - the Upstream QBR is August 28th for an afternoon . Regards Delainey
FYI
Please follow up if appropriate . Regards Delainey
Eric , Jim Ajello in the industrial group is the best person . Regards Delainey
Laura , I spoke to Tom about his retail proposals , I told him that you would coordinate a meeting between Mark Muller/Lou Pai and himself . I only want Lou going up if Tom is involved . However , Mark Muller is up to go and I have spoken to him with regard to the opportunity today . He is expecting your call . On a related note , I volunteered Wes Colwell ( our controller and former Anderson person ) to speak to Peoples accounting/ risk people and Anderson auditors on how to manage the issues surrounding marking the hub values inside Peoples . I would appreciate you coordinating that meeting . If Wes goes to Chicago , we want to ensure Leubbers , the Anderson folks and the appropriate Peoples accounting folks are available so Wes can spend the least amount of time on this issue . Jeff , where are we on the PECO/PSEG retail play that you spoke to Mark Muller about a couple weeks back ? Mark , I forgot to mention that FPL is interested in potentially investing in the New Power Company - Tony Altman ( President of FPL wholesale ) would like to discuss . If interested please call him at 561-625-7777 . If you don't think you will have any interest let me know and I will call him to let him know . I probably need to get back to him either way shortly . Thanks . Regards Delainey
Jim , I would forward to Chris Calger , Janet Dietrich and Jean Mrha . Thanks Delainey
Mike , if you Janet or Dave can cut the deal with Izzo go ahead and speak to him . I don't think there is any practical way to enforce any percieved call we have on Izzo so you will have to determine how much Larry really wants the trubine or how he could benefit from striking a different deal . Regards Delainey
Rick , I hope you take the time to speak to Rodney Malcolm or Ray Bowen on how your technical and commercial exprience could help move the outsourcing product ( in all its forms ) forward in the industrial market . Otherwise , your welcome . . . Regards Delainey
Kay , make sure Mark knows when you are scheduling these QBR's so that he can ensure the package is ready - some of these are coming up next week . Regards Delainey
Mark , note the feedback from the AA's , it is imperative that we get a handle on this ! Let me know when I can spring our plan on Jeff . Regards Delainey
Dawn , right now I am scheduled to be up in Calgary on the 16th of August - lets shoot for that date . Regards Delainey
Jennifer , you are very welcome and I look forward to continuing to work with you - all the best . Regards Delainey
Brian , great job - I would really like to get this done for third quarter please let me know how I can help . I have heard that you can request a expedited HSR for fairly straight forward deals like this . Wes , I believe that we don't have any issues recognizing the value from this transaction - please confirm . Regards Delainey
Rick , we have re-examined the portfolio as a result of our last meeting and have an expected portfolio of $500M ( gross ) or $408M ( net-ENA's share ) to be placed into Raptor on September 1 . We have a second tranche of $608M ( gross ) or $396M ( net ENA's share ) to be placed into Raptor 2 on December 1 . Kafus , Ecogas , Brigham , Crown Energy and Merlin CLO Equity Option will not be part of either Raptor 1 or Raptor 2 . Please confirm that this is consistent with you view of capacity and timing . Regards Delainey
Wes , as per our discussion , I wanted to detail the action items from the analysis: a ) the Office of the Chairman will be increasing the visibility of ROCE and cost metrics as a part of the QBR process; - MPR rationalization , Raptor strategy and divestment/clean-up - - LRC optimization , increased performance - Redmond/Mrha; -Sithe restructuring , elimination of the tracking account - Donahue; - Powder and Wind River sales - Redmond/Mrha . c ) specific cost reduction iniatives as detailed in your presentation - implement with feedback/measurement process to ensure buy in - Wes Colwell; and d ) further analysis on quality of product/service for cost for non-commercial and group expenses - Wes Colwell . Regards Delainey
Charlie , looks pretty general - only comment is what is the Product Purchase Agreement entail ? Do we want to go into more detail on the nature of the alliance , the target market and the nature of the excusivity ( ie ) wholesale renewables applications , ENA , major state programs - all of it based upon the Conneticut job working ? Regards Delainey
Shocker !
Edward , you are very welcome and I appreciate all the efforts to ensure the transition works and we get the accounting treatment we want on Garden State . Regards Delainey
David , I want to enforce this to nth degree given his understanding of our industrial offering and that fact he mis-represented his reasons for leaving . Regards Delainey
please put on schedule
Charlie , your call - just a question
Kay , please have Jordan forward this in hard copy to your attention . In don't need to be in the e-mail loop . Thanks Delainey
Jeff , we are thinking about how to finish the mid-market iniative and I need to know if you want Breslau . I would like him in a singular role and accountability so I need to plan to incorporate him or not depending on if you want him . Regards Delainey
Guys , to end all arguments , I would suggest the following protocol which is similar to what was discussed at Columbia Lakes: a ) P&P swaps and anything to do with the network strategy/assets in the paper sector in Canada and Mexico - Industrial Origination; b ) Pure energy commodity positions and stand-alone energy assets ( no outsourcing ) for all industrial segments in Canada and Mexico - ECC or Enron Mexico; c ) Energy outsourcing for all industrial segments in Canada and Mexico - I would like Enron Canada and Enron Mexico to develop a written target list in which ECC , Enron Mexico and the Industrial Origination groups would work together to develop , sell and execute on the most profitable and value adding outsourcing product for the industrial customer in Canada and Mexico - ECC and Enron Mexico's understanding of the energy markets in Canada and Mexico coupled with the customer facing , product development and execution skills in Houston should provide a winning team . I am asking for the three teams to clearly identify the outsourcing targets , lead sales and structuring people and the timing as far as starting discussion with each target customer ( ASAP) . I would hope that the Mexican and Canadian teams would lead the sales process and the Houston team lead the structuring , customer facing and execution but I will let you decide the optimum mix . Either way , I am expecting this target list completed and agreed to in the next two weeks for Canada and Mexico; and d ) for Tembec I don't think it makes sense to change the deal team at this point; however , the US team will keep the Canadian team in the loop and if the products become non-outsourcing related the deal should be passed to Regards Delainey
Fred , I will research our potential needs otherwise I agree with your approach to keep the option open for as long as possible . Regards Delainey
Let me know your thoughts after you speak with him . Regards Delainey
How do like that . ... . I like this guy .
Larry , my understanding is that ESA has taken four units and that Janet Dietrich in conversations with ESA has made four more available to ESA subject to them getting their deal approved by the board . So I do not believe Enron needs to committ to additional LM units at this time . Regards Delainey
I agree 400% - I look forward to your plan .
Rob , we may be saying the same thing here - for the EES outsourcing proposition ( which is more than just asset management ) as being defined by Rodney et al should be managed together by Industrial Origination and ECC . Although , I would agree that ECC should lead the sale process . My view is that we should not and will not recreate the structuring , customer facing and execution requirements in Canada and Mexico required to do these deals . It is an important strategic iniative for ENA to complete a number of these deals . The problem is that a clear target list , joint accountabilities and schedule between the groups has not been rolled out which was discussed at Columbia Lakes . All other industrial business other than P&P commodity/asset business is the perview of ECC . Ultimately , I have not seen any outsourcing transactions from Canada in the deal structuring/due diligence queue . The US group can help get these done and can help in the pitch . Regards Delainey
thanks Ben - makes sense .
Joe , thanks for the message . It has been my experience that people who have had experience in our trading , mid market and structuring groups have a better overall understanding of how Enron ( ECT or ENA ) looks at value and manages risk . Personally , this is the track I took which included a very solid foundation in accounting , operations , trading , structuring and then ultimately in origination . I hope this helps . Regards Delainey
Guys , I would like to schedule a quarterly meeting to review our technical risk as a part of this reporting procedure . Wayne can you set up a meeting for the four of us over the next few weeks . Regards Delainey
Janet , get rid of these LM's - too many cooks ! Regards Delainey
Margaret , what is involved with this Permanent Residency application ? How does it change my status as a non-immigrant resident ? Regards Delainey
Larry , go get 'em . Whatever you can get you can keep and reduce the fee . You could make this easy for both of us . Regards Delainey
Rob , I spoke with Paul . Eric didn't rank high enough . Regards Delainey
Jeff , you are killing me - we targeted that group specifically to build the risk business in gas and east power in the short run . This was well planned effort . Regards Delainey
Janet , any thoughts - do we have excess development staff - this would be a good opportunity for the brave at heart . Regards Delainey
Dave , I still believe that the most flexible model that provides high ROCE and has growth not constrained by capital is the one being employed by Enron . I think the cash on cash returns on these Genco's in the short run will be good; however , I think it will be difficult for these companies to move quickly to react to market opportunities given their need to protect their long position ( not unlike our friends in the oil & gas producing sector) . The returns and value provided by these companies will be primarily be based on the timing of new production and their asset base and they will realize ( on a relative basis ) very little from the trading . It is not a bad model just a different one . Either way , they will be a strong bid for assets given their story to Wall Street . Regards Delainey
Guys , this is my first cut on who I would want to be in this group . I think this is an important exercise on a couple different fronts . We need to bring more people "in" which should increase their accountability for ENA results overall , improve communication and teamwork and provide a platform to evaluate future leaders . Trading Origination Country Managers Support Executive Presto Calger Yzaguirre Beck Delainey Arnold Duran Oxley Lavorato Neal Bowen Haedicke Shively Donahue Murray Allen Mrha Martin Redmond I would like to send out a note this week to communicate whatever we come up with in order to have the right folks available on Friday . Look forward to your comments . Regards Delainey
Wayne , that would be fine . Regards Delainey
Mark , I am in favour . Regards Delainey
As part of the restructuring between ENA and Global Markets and consistent with the view to increase our focus on building our core gas and power business , we have decided to re-formulate the ENA Management Committee . As part of this change , each of you are invited to participate in dialogue and decisions which will impact the overall course of our business . Ultimately , this group is responsible for the overall financial performance and strategic direction of ENA . The only structural committment to your time will be a pre-scheduled Management Committee meeting every second Friday afternoon starting at 2:30 PM until 4:30PM in 30 C2 ( video conference room) . The Portland , Canadian and Mexican offices can connect via video conference . The meetings wil focus on financial targets , deal flow , market opportunities , staffing and strategic direction . The first meeting will be scheduled on this Friday . Everybody should make a serious committment to attend , to stay for the entire meeting and to be on time . Regards Delainey
Mark , this is great - giving the increased exposure/politics in some of these markets it makes a lot of sense . Regards Delainey
Kay , can you make sure I am available
John , if we invite Scott then I think we have to add Eric Thode(PR/IR); however , everyone would be in! ! What do you think ? Regards Delainey
Guys , my suggestion would be that RAC should manage the overall monitoring responsibility for ENA;however , I assume that Janet and Chris will continue to be responsible for the ENA turbine book . They should be actively managing and monitoring ENA's piece . Regards Delainey
Ben , can you spend a little time and give me some feedback on this item . Regards Delainey
Janet , it may be in your personal interest to ensure that a number of witnesses are available to ensure the message is delivered and there is not confusion in the future . Regards Delainey
Chris , where are we on gas interconnect ? I am hearing rumblings of 15 year Kern exposure - don't know if I like that . Regards Delainey
Mike , lets discuss just after Wayne and I get together to discuss the technical book or in conjunction . Regards Delainey
David , I would change John Thompson and Ed Baughman to strong . Delainey
Tim , I thought I would send you a copy of the East Mid-Market QBR to give you a view on what Presto/Baughman are doing . The West historically has been far better than the East in covering the market and generating mid market deals/services . I look forward to our discussion in Portland next week . I would like to get a perspective on organization , market approach , deal flow , resources , products and coverage for the Mid-Market group at that meeting . Regards Delainey
Guys , we appreciate your efforts on this project but we will not be needing your services as owners engineer on the Vitro project . I will honor our agreement on the sell down; however , we have sufficient technical talent internally and externally to manage this job . I see very little effort in continuing to waste internal time in ENA and EECC on this discussion . Regards Delainey
Chris , that is correct . See you then Regards Delainey
Adrian , you are very welcome Regards Delainey
Paul , sorry for the delay in responding , I do not have a direct relationship with anyone in Reliant or TXU; however , Jim Ducote and Janet Dietrich may be the best spots in Enron to pursue . Regards Delainey
Dick , you need to agree with Max on the scope to be provided by the OE - I expect high quality service for the money we are paying . The deal on Friday is completely dependent on a pre-arranged scope and a minimum quality of service . I expect high quality EE&CC people to be proactively managing cost and exposure and to be there for the whole process - no pulls to other business lines . If Max or Virgo are not happy I am not happy . I make money you make money . Thanks for your cooperation . Regards Delainey
Adam , I believe that we have formally responded to all your issues as per your memo to me of August 8 , 2000 . In all or almost all cases , we have accepted your position . The agreement should look and behave very closely to what you would have signed with the competing utility . In addition , ENA is paying a higher price , sharing credits and have voluntarily increased the term to twelve years from ten . I do not understand what is holding up completing this transaction other than a complete re-trade on the original transaction . I hope this is not the case . The ENA team worked hard to facilitate this transaction for Enron Wind . In fact , we were originally solicited by Enron Wind to help build the merchant wind market and we had to coax Enron Wind to do this transaction with ENA versus TXU . I look forward to finding a solution to this current impasse . Regards Delainey
Rebecca , looks fine to me . Regards Delainey
Guys , keep the pressure on these guys; but , I think Adam is in a corner and does not have a lot of flexibility . Regards Delainey
Adam , thanks for the response , I guess it is a good thing for Enron that we didn't do this deal with TXU . Nevertheless , I hope that we can find a way through this without significantly impairing value for ENA . The ENA team will work with you on this item;however , I need your committment to try and keep us whole as much as possible . Regards Delainey
Tammy , are you getting copies of all these reports for the book ? Regards Delainey
Rebecca , I am fine with this; however , Lavorato has was spelled wrong . Regards Delainey
Ben , any thoughts ?
Scott , great job - looking for more . Regards Delainey
Kay , please book 9:00 am to 2:00 pm with me Mike Miller & Don Miller with Mike Childers ( Entergy ) ( actually 10 am to 1pm not including travel time to their shop in the Woodlands ) on September 5 , 2000 . Regards Delainey
thanks Ray Delainey
Guys , it is my understanding that the incremental $5 MM in gas V@R , under an interim authority , expires today . Given current market conditions , I would request an extension of that interim limit - $45MM in total gas V@R for an additional two weeks starting today . Jeff , as per our meeting today , we may want to think about additional permanent increases for gas and power V@R particularily given the Alberta PPA's , the potential NStar deal and the current gas market as we enter the winter season . I will take your lead on this one . Regards Delainey
Barry , we currently have six folks coming who all golf: - Barry - Delainey - Ozzie - Milly I would say we should golf everday . I will get Kay to forward travel schedules to you so that we can set up times where everyone can play as much as possible . My understanding is that we are all staying at the Mirage . Regards Delainey
Hey , you guys are copying my model ! Congrats Regards Delainey
Jeff , you will be receiving a DASH from the principal investing group which does not fit well into some of the charter criteria; however , I do think this is a venture we should support . In a nutshell , it is providing $10MM , in seed capital , to be used in the start up of a new distributed generation company having the primary mission of designing , fabricating and marketing 2MW to 22MW mobile turbine-generator sets . These units are fully mobile via the nations highways and can meet single digit NOX requirements given current SCR technology . They are primarily utilized for back-up power , emergency power , VAR creation and peaker application and are fully dual fuel capable . The ultimate vision is a fleet of mobile/flexible/low cost generator sets that can be put in place very quickly in the most stringent emissions and constrained electrical regions and relocated when market conditions change . The benefits include: a ) 50% plus interest in a new distributed generation company with the opportunity to raise private funds at later rounds and ultimately the possibility of an IPO - similar companies in this space include Active Power , Capstone and Elektryon; b ) origination opportunities - the ENA mid-stream origination groups believe that there are numerous opportunities ( 2001 to 2002 time frame ) to utilize this technology to take advantage of market opportunities and customer applications; c ) learning - the distributed generation/renewable space is an area of critical importance for ENA and EES to understand . If ENA through this venture can make this technology work , it could be a very powerful tool in our network used to capture opportunity and manage risk; d ) low risk - it is expected that roughly 50% of the initial seed capital would be recoverable through asset sales if for some reason the technology did not work or the market did not materialize; e ) low tech - this solution utilizes existing turbine/SCR technology; and f ) ENA would have a controlling position in this new venture . However , this venture is different than Active Power and several other Principal Investing investments in that a ) it is a very early stage company and b ) ENA will have to provide or procure a complete management team if the technology proves out . Given , that we could benefit most from the successful application of this venture , it is worth the initial work . Our partner is Power Systems Manufacturing of Boca Raton , Florida . We have a very solid history with this company . They have successfully solved many of the technical issues surrounding the Korean 6B's which are currently operating at New Albany . They would bring the technical and engineering expertise at cost for their 50% . ENA would ultimately have a buy-out clause at a fixed number for their 50% .  If you would like to discuss in greater detail do not hesitate to call and I will set up a meeting . Regards Delainey
Chuck , I appreciate the note - I just like to ensure that everyone is aware of the various issues and that we are managing our risk appropriately . I have a great deal of confidence that you have this handled . Regards Delainey
I don't think we can accomodate that request . : ) Regards Delainey
Kevin , shouldn't we participate in this RFP ? Regards Delainey
Mark , go ahead and set up the meeting . Delainey
Rick , it looks like the number is approximately down $198MM . What is the drill ? Regards Delainey
Attorney-Client Protected Kevin , If we respond to the RFP with what we believe to be market prices and values and they don't accept it - does that not support a case where damages from the MOPA ,  for that 500 MW , can be defined to be equal to or lower than our submission . Regards Delainey
Patience my friend - before a meaningful change can occur in the A/A program some of the changes in the EI groups need to be resolved . That process is underway - I envision taking a comprehensive solution to Jeff towards the end of this quarter with Charlene on side . I will discuss with you when I have more details . Regards Delainey
Guys , ENA will take responsibility for the two 7EA's . We do not currently have any projects for the Westinghouse 501D5A's . However , I do not know what Bowen's view might be for EIM or Haug's for CALME . Regards Delainey
Kay , can you set up a one hour to half an hour with each if possible . Regards Delainey
Janelle , I was hoping that maybe we could find a half hour to discuss your thoughts on your current role . I have heard you are considering global fuels and Lagrasta's business . I would like to give you my perspective on the future vision for power and the overall organization including gas Ultimately , ENA and Enron have a very open labour market and you need to manage your career in a manner that you feel will benefit Enron and yourself the greatest; however , I think the power market , even though not easy , is the primary growth engine for Enron Corp over the next several years . Kay , can you please set up a time at Janelle's convenience . Regards Delainey
David ,  if this is going to cause you political flack with Mary Joyce lets just kill it - we have revised the original plan and this is probably not needed . Regards Delainey
Carol , I believe Hunter is leading the charge on building the gas fundamentals group . Regards Delainey
David , how are we making out with this item ? Regards Delainey
Jen , I would be pleased to attend - sorry for the delay on the e-mail . Kay , please set up . Regards Delainey
Tammy , are you getting all these reports ? Regards Delainey
Tom ,  I appreciate the e-mail - sorry for the delay in response . I am on-side with all your points . On the New Albany retrofit , I want to ensure that I am not replacing one patent problem with another so a clear "title" up front on the new equipment will be important . However , I will be interested in hearing your solution especially if it can further reduce NOX and increase our operating hours . I share your interest in the FT-4 project hopefully we can take that to the next level . Please stay in contact . Regards Delainey
Jennifer , is there another time ? Regards Delainey
Guys , gas with a $5.00 handle is not a good thing for this deal - I know we are pushing this restructuring as fast as we can; however , I think we need to determine how to move this faster . Any ideas ? Regards Delainey
Successfully , missed another bullet ! ! ! I have meetings set up with Mariel(the lady you like ) and Dan Castingnola , who are the two highest ranked performers in CALME , to see if they are interested in joining our team . Regards Delainey
Guys , pending the sale of the Wilton Centre unit , I would suggest that we not execute the gas balancing arrangement . The parties should continue to operate and invoice based on the verbal agreement; however , lets not execute the agreement or put it in the data room . We should represent to potential buyers that we have an interconnect agreement with Northern Border and have been accessing supply out of the Chicago spot market . All other gas supply/transport/balancing agreements for the other facilities ( including the Northern Border interconnection and the ComEd reg cap deal ) will be conveyed to the new buyers through the sale of the LLC . Regards Delainey
Good note - don't think I could do better in style or timing ! Regards Delainey
Kay , please find room
Mike , this appears to be a very reasonable settlement - proceed on this basis . I assume this keeps my number in and around the $600 to $615MM for the 2000's all in . Regards Delainey
FYI Lets discuss Regards Delainey
Don , NewPort Generation has called me interested in the plants . Regards Delainey
pls set up
Guys , I appreciate the quality work and deal flow that you are generating . In an effort to measure and reward performance from our middle market groups we have attempted to come up with several standardized reports to be issued monthly and to be reviewed at the QBR . I am a strong believer in that what is measured and rewarded gets done . As well , the middle market capability is crucial to the continued growth of our business; therefore , reporting metrics which define high performance will ensure great deal makers get rewarded and that you will be able to attract high quality talent into the mid market groups . Baughman and Presto have created a number of reports and metrics for the East Power group , I would like you to take a look and let me know how they should be changed to reflect the business in the West . Upon agreement on the metrics , I would like issue these reports on a monthly basis . Tammy Sheppherd will get you a copy of the reports/metrics utilized in the East . Regards Delainey
Guys , I would like to add the following commentary to the DASH which will better reflect my thinking around this investment . The current text suggests that there is significant strategic advantage for ENA to be a participant in the fund . I do not think that is the case; however , I do see some merits in the investment based on the needs of Enron's Global Finance group . I would suggest toning down the strategic advantages and add the following: It is unlikely that given the funds target returns that the it will be an effective permanent monetization vehicle for ENA's strategic and merchant investments; however , Enron Global Finance believes that the investment is important for the following reasons: a ) provides an additional "Friend of Enron" to facilitate short to medium term balance sheet and regulatory solution to highly structured commodity and capital transactions in the wholesale group; b ) provides alternative sources of short term capital liquidity and c ) by further developing the relationship with AIG provides collateral benefits for Enron's overall Global Finance capability and business . ENA would have a requirement that this investments be hedged through Raptor and be managed by the Enron Global Finance Group . Regards Delainey
David , on a go forwards basis , please ensure that there is a technical sign off on the principal investments DASH . I would like either Bob Virgo or Wayne Mays to have a look at these investments from a technical due diligence point of view and to be on side before the investment is made . Regards Delainey
Jim , agree with you - why don't you set up some time for us to speak and go through the Regulatory report and iniatives . Regards Delainey
Randall , I appreciate the invite - I would like to continue to be involved . It was a pleasure to meet you and your team . The several things on my radar screen with Bridgeline include: a ) improving the financial performance of the entity; b ) ensuring that the risk management and trading capability and structure matches ENA's technology , structure , systems , accountability and policies in every manner . In my view , this is not a negotiable item and will only benefit Bridgeline on a go forward basis; c ) continue to move from the "heavy lifting" approach to becoming the "smartest pipe" that can harness improved returns by capitalizing on your people , your information advantage and I believe somewhat of a first mover advantage given the continued consolidation of the intrastate competitors ( ie ) Entergy/Koch/FPL . We will be very supportive of innovative and aggressive positions that are well thought out and downsides defined; and d ) increasing the underlying liquidity of our capital position in Bridgeline . My time and resources are at your disposal . Regards Delainey
FYI
Guys , HR should be in touch with you with regard to a couple of people that I have agreed to take from CALME: Donahue - Maria Elena Garcia - Director; Duran - Boris Feschiev - Manager; Regards Delainey
Guys , I have spoken to Cliff and Mark and we are comfortable moving forward under the structure we have discussed . FCEL: - $5MM in equity and 1.3MM warrants from corporate treasury stock that vest based upon 60MW of orders; - discussion with FCEL in which we disclose ALL infromation we have about the potential Conn . deal - I will require that myself and Mark be on that call; - the transaction is fully press released immediately . CRRA: - subject to final due diligence on the development risks , we provide the management and wrap for CRRA on the potential fuel cell development opportunity that consists of between 25 and 50 MW; - any appropriation of funds from the government will require DPUC hearing at which we will fully disclose in a factual manner our interest in FCEL . I will require that Mark Haedicke manage this process and sign off on all press releases , term sheets , disclosure discussions , contracts and regulatory filings . I believe that we have this managed appropriately as long as we manage the process as per the script and in a factual manner . Thanks Delainey
Guys , as usual the investment is subject to RAC review and a DASH . Regards Delainey
Randy , Scott Healy contacted Bob Kelly at Calpine about Calpine's potential interest in Bridgeline and he found that Kelly and Cartwright had no real knowledge of the potential deal . Likely this originates at the local level and is probably a long put . Kelly was going to get back to Scott with more detail over the next week . Regards Delainey
Kevin , I am not sure that you will get credit from the buyer for the increased MW's given well known industry issues with the 501F technology . Further , any buyer will pay based upon 90 degree output which is the same in any case ( ie ) increased output only helps when ambient temperatures are lower than 90 degrees at site . Likely the buyer will run any spread option value or multiple value based on 90 degree output . I may be wrong but it is also my recollection that this is a warranty issue rather than a true output issue ( ie ) we could increase the MW's at any time but we would likely run into warranty issues with Westinghouse . Given that the warranty expires in less than twelve months , what value do we really get . Would it not be better to get the maximum amount of hard dollars out of Westinghouse rather than an increase in output which will only be guaranteed for a limited amount of time and likely will not be paid for by a buyer . The thought process on the EECC side is for them to find overhead and cost savings to fund their fee ( $9.0M ) rather than further increase to the capital cost of the facilities . As well , given current accounting language , any fee we pay will have to be expensed to current earnings rather than capitalized so I would like to find ways for this to be self financing . My knowledge on this one is rather cursory - can you guys work this out and adjust tactics with EECC as necessary . Regards Delainey
Guys , Power Systems has given me a proposal to replace the New Albany and Doyle 7B burners . This could possibly have two benefits: a ) elimination of the possibly tainted equipment given current patent issues they are having with GE and b ) apparently the newer technology significantly reduces the Nox emission correlating into increased operating hours . I need two things to determine if we want to move forward: a ) Mark we need to be bullet proof on the patent ( or lack thereof ) issues on the new equipment and that it would protect us from further exposure and b ) Mitch , Kevin , Mike and Bob , I need your technical and commercial opinions on the merits of this proposal ( ie ) do you as a team support this proposal ? I believe the timing on this is rather short . Please get back to me at your earliest convenience . I will forward a copy of the proposal to each of you . Regards Delainey
Christi , I was unable to open the file can you please send a hard copy . Regards Delainey
Ike , with the danger of being too presumptious , I thought I would follow up with an e-mail to suggest a procedure for trading settlement offers on Wednesday . Attached I have a suggested template for each party to use so that we can ensure that we are comparing "apples to apples" . I would also suggest that each party provide sufficient back-up to justify their numbers . It may also be helpful for TVA and EPMI to use an independent party , such as Charles Bone , as the intermediary to facilitate the transfer of each parties settlement offer . I am in the office over the next several days . Lets discuss at your earliest convenience . Regards Dave Delainey
Kay , can you set up a dinner with Randall . Thanks
Joe , part of this deal is repayment of the sub debt at par and a series of cashflows that we would probably like to monetize . Have you looked at this ? Jeff , I would like to get your view on the economics - basically they are giving us 89% of our carry value in cash and 11% of our carry value in a contingent payment payable at restructuring or sale of their partnership . Lets discuss ASAP . Regards Delainey
Ok - you got the ball . Regards Delainey
Jim , I have forwarded your binder to David Oxley to set up a meeting for the wholesale group to discuss appropriate homes for your people . It has taken a little longer than expected to get people together but we are making progress . It may be helpful for you to identify , like Abe , where these folks would like to go if they had their druthers . It may be worthwhile for us to have a quick phone call to discuss . Regards Delainey
Krista ,  you are very welcome - best of luck in the future . Regards Delainey
Guys , I have explained the strategy/tactics that have lead to this position in some detail . In my opinion the company is not at risk and potentially ENA could create significant value from a project that we have very little invested . I understand the construction risk on the bid as much as anyone and we have no intention of lifting their offer . As far as EECC involvement , as I had mentioned , Coleman was a part of all these discussions . I will argue that Mike and the ENA deal team made the right call necessary to maximize return in the short run for Enron without investing significant dollars or taking significant risks . Obviously , I was unsuccessful in explaining such a sophisticated strategy . Regards Delainey
Chris , as per our discussion , I just want to confirm that we have the ability to break the contract with the EPC provider at any time . Further , I want to confirm that our costs will be minimal and that this whole process ( ie putting a number on a term sheet ) has been based on trying to maximize the short run value of the project . In other works , we have no intention of lifting their offer . Finally , we are not ordering HRSG's or steam turbines . These guys add no value and they are killing me ! Regards Delainey
Thanks
Paul , I had a look at the pitch and I thought it was an intriguing idea . I think it works welll in allocating resources between competing "going concerns" but may be more difficult to allocate people to new businesses that may not have the income to fund the best talent . I also wonder if the cost of creating , managing and maintaining a market like this is greater than the overall benefit achieved over the existing system . In its own often clumbsy looking way Enron's culture does allocate capital and people fairly effectively . Obviously , these are very cursory remarks - I have not spent a great deal of time on this . Regards Delainey
ok with me John , I think you may want to be part of this . Regards Delainey
John , completely agree with your view - David , I would have the matrix , with all of the ENA statistics and names , ready for distribution on Friday to the key managers to try and illicit a response from the low participation folks . Regards Delainey
David , i agree in principle with this process . I assume that you and your team will implement . Like we spoke about , I do not see a need to widely distribute this through the commercial organization . I would just implement . Regards Delainey
Chris , this sounds good . It would be helpful for us ( the overall power business ) to have a common set of metrics and reports that evaluate the effectiveness and importance of the mid market effort . I think we all believe this is an important skill or capability that needs to measured and rewarded . Key metrics may include: a)coverage metrics against target customers ( ie ) customer contact ;b ) forward deal flow or hot list; c)completed transactions and origination; and d ) EOL customer sign-ons and deal flow . I look forward to sitting down to discuss . Regards Delainey
Bruce , obviously ENA does not have a problem with this . Regards Delainey
Guys , how are the business units doing on the "talent pipeline" since we have put this on auto-pilot ? Is HR still providing resumes ? Regards Delainey
Guys , can you give me an update on what this deal is about - e-mail would be fine ? Regards Delainey
Ike , it is unfortunate we could not make this work yesterday; but I understand your position . In the interest of facilitating continuing dialogue and perhaps giving you our view on how we analyze such positions , I will send you our document . I would suggest that we try to set up a follow up meeting in early October once you have completed your work . Regards Dave Delainey
Jeff , I think we should take a quick review of the existing PI portfolio to see where we are and where we want to go - we have with the completion of FCEL made a tremedous amount of investment in a very short period of time >$60 to $80M . I would like to hear how we are moving to monetize more mature investments and influence/generate value from the earlier stage investments . I don't want to approve any further investments until we have had such a discussion . Regards Delainey
David , I have a problem with the RAC comments made on page #2 of the DASH . Specifically , the two paragraphs basically add no value and just confuse the reader ( ie ) what is your opinion ? Is this a good sale or can significant recovery ( on a risk adjusted basis ) occur if we convert the sub debt and infuse more equity ? Are we not receiving enough value from the CFPC given the possible recovery of this sector ? The DASH is deficient in its view of Basic's prospects given current energy prices . Jeff/Dick/Ray , what are your opinions ? Independent of the desire to move on - what is the right call - I do not want to give value away in any divestiture or restructuring . Regards Delainey
Guys , what are we going to do with this contract and the barges ? My understanding is that we have a done deal on the 6B's . Is this correct ? I may be a nervous nellie but I would like to put all this stuff behind us ( ie ) no more 6B's or barges . Regards Delainey
David , you may be getting to the nub here . Ultimately , this is a lot more art than science . It will be difficult to come up with a mathematic decision rule to manage this process . I am looking to the opinions of yourself , Ray , Dick and Jeff , given the facts in each case , does this appear to be a good trade given the market , the specifics of the company , the carrying costs of the asset and perhaps our desire to increase capital flow to higher return This is clearly not a fire sale and I trust the opinion or consensus that comes from this group . As a result , I need to have a positve consensus from this group in each case . Regards Delainey
Rick , I disagree - the DASH had an implication unsubstantiated that the current deal on the table is a bad one . I believe that RAC should provide a clear opinion or say directly that the analysis is deficient . It is too easy to state the obvious . Regards Delainey
Jim , I am not sure that this will attract the people we want to hear the message; however , I will hold back judgement until we discuss the strategy in more detail . Regards Delainey
Guys , assuming that we receive $7M for the 6B's what is our cost basis in the Barges ? Regards Delainey
Jim , this sounds like an ambush.... . : )
Mary , none outside of Enron plans . Regards Delainey
Jeff , this fella gave me a call on a new technology that converts chemical feedstocks into industrial gases . He wants to establish the technology in Baytown and is looking for our assistance and capital . This is probably a stretch but it may be worthwhile for you to speak with him . I am not advocating this play just passing on the message . Steve Paras 718-630-5611 He will be in Houston on Friday . Regards Delainey
Marion , the leads include Heather Kroll and Ozzie Pagan in the Eastern Origination Group and Michael L Miller in the Principal Investing Group . Regards Delainey
Joe , where is the arb ? Ultimately , this cannot be a cost of capital play given the owners . Is this primarily an off-balance sheet issue for the customer ? Are we taking disposal or terminal value risk on the facility ? Operational risk ? Did we come up with this structure or was this the mandated structure in the RFP ? Is this a play that you would support ? On a previous issue , do you feel confident that we can monetize the El Paso note on the ECP sale at the 8.25% ? It is important for us to be able to quickly monetize this note for obvious reasons . How is it going otherwise ? Regards Delainey
Rob , no hi or goodbye - you are losing your Canadian politeness : ) On a serious note , you are doing the right thing for the company and for Barry's career . This will be a good opportuntity for him to get to the next level if he makes it happen . As you are aware , I will aggressively support you and the Toronto iniative . Let me know . Regards Delainey
Guys , can you forward your parts . Regards Delainey
Charlene , that will be fine.. . on a different note , where are you on the straw man we spoke about . Ultimately , I would like to continue to push this with the leadership team . Regards Delainey
Charlene , the 2nd is ok . Either Mark , myself or John should probably be able to do the 28th as well . Obviously , we strongly believe in the benefit of the program and its goals - ultimately , we have to walk the talk ! Regards Delainey
Sounds reasonable .
Erin , don't want to keep passing the ball;however , this is a retail opportunity in almost all states ( ie ) railroad demand is classified as retail customers under most IOU tariffs . I would ask Harold Buchanan Regards Delainey
Oz , David is interested in the fuel cell business , do you need his skill set ? Regards Delainey
Chris , you are officially the king today ! With the PSCo deal this effectively eliminates the LM position assuming we successfully sell LV . Regards Delainey
Joe , EnronOnline is essentially the internet distribution channel for our gas and power business . Rather , my focus on the legacy channel is an attempt to increase the probability that more originators can complete transactions and generate deal flow . As well , to reduce the conflict between the trading and origination organizations in order to keep us spending more time in the market than focused on internal issues . As far as specifics , you will have to wait and see . Thanks Delainey
Kevin , how do we get at the transmission without buying the entire company ? Regards Delainey
I am not a big fan of this idea even though it is rather interesting . I just think that the logistics are difficult particularily with employees with families . The drive to Galveston and back - the overnight babysitter - the potential trouble that may result in close quarters and hours of drinking et al . I prefer the original idea at Enron Field . Regards Delainey
Guys , it will be very difficult to get money out of the power group - is the expectation that I come up with the dollars - just curious . Are we not circumventing the spirit of the political contribution rules ? Regards Delainey
Rick which meeting are you refering to ? Regards Delainey
Jeff , can you speak briefly with Kevin on this one - intriguing idea if the execution was probable . By the way , what is our plan with Sithe ? Regards Delainey
Ike , given our schedules , it appears that e-mail may be the most effective communication tool . I thought I would just follow up on progress being made in TVA on our settlement process . As well , I understand that there has been a number of communications between TVA and Enron on the NoxTech emissions business . I have encouraged the Enron folks to pursue this opportunity with TVA given the larger dialogue . The Enron team has told me that TVA wishes to move to firm pricing and a MOU on this technology . Given the larger dialogue , I have suggested to our team to hold tight on completing the agreement until both TVA and Enron have a view on where the overall settlement discussions are going . Please give me a call at your earliest convenience . Regards Dave Delainey
Ike , is the president and CEO of TVA . FYI Regards Delainey
Rick , I have been having discussions with both Joe Deffner and Jean Mrha on this one . Clearly , this is a commercial banking product in which we have little competitive advantage unless we take more risk on terminal value or collateral ( reserve risk) . Ultimately , I have challenged the Upstream Group to define the other parts of the deal that would compensate for this increased risk and the cost of capital uncompetitiveness . Regards Delainey
Janet , he can approve but can't sign as a director . You need to continue to manage . This would take a board resolution to change ( ie ) he can not bind the company as a director . Regards Delainey
Eric , like the United Way , our goal should be 100%participation . In order to reach that goal , we need the reporting mechanisms to determine which groups and managers have very low participation rates . I strongly believe that ENA's numbers would be better if we had north of 80% participation ( ie ) the "unhappy" folks are more likely to input info than the "happy" folks . Regards Delainey
sure , just set up with kay
Guys , attached you will find a list of key transactions identified in the Hot List for each business unit . The performance of your group is key to making our targets for Q4 and to meet budgeted origination performance for the year . Independent of specific budgets for the groups , the origination organization needs to generate $250M for Q4 . Ultimately , a strong performance in Q4 by the origination organization will help build momentum into the year-end PRC . I will be setting up time with each of you to go through your numbers and specifics on the deals . Regards Delainey
Janet , I completely disagree with legals position . I have difficulty with some of our VP's having signing authority . I believe this is a significant control issue . Mark , is this widespread in ENA ? Regards Delainey
Chris , do you have a deal book -explaining the overall transaction , returns and risk ? This will help me facilitate the process . Regards Delainey
Janet , I'm not picking on you - I just can't believe legal and corporate let this go through . Sorry . By the way , Redmond will take responsibility for the Pan Nat arbitration as per our discussion . Regards Delainey
Dick , you are doing the right things - if you run into timing issues in the future do not hesitate to give me a call directly . Regards Delainey
Guys , please mark your calendars for the 2000 ENA Management Offsite scheduled for December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas . We envision people flying in the afternoon/evening of December 13th with the offsite being held on December 14th and 15th . Departure would occur the morning of December 16th . It is important that everyone stays for the entire period including Friday night . Jeff Skilling and Greg Whalley have taken time out their schedule to speak to us on Thursday and Friday night about Enron Corps strategy and our eCommerce/Networks strategy respectively . A complete agenda will follow shortly . Dorie Hitchcock will manage all the logistics . Regards Delainey
Please mark on your calendars to attend given current discussions about the gas organization . Regards Delainey
FYI
David , do we need to "volunteer" people to participate ? Do we want a more structured process ? Regards Delainey
Janet , what is the status of this turbine - would we be able to turn it back in exchange for foregoing on the ld's ? Or do we want this turbine ? Regards Delainey
Guys , we have the following un-allocated turbines ( approximately $100M in nominal value): a ) 2 power barges - Brian - $13M All other turbines appear to be allocated to high probability projects . Could you please provide me your plan with these units . I would like to flatten out our book ( ie ) ensure there are good homes for or divest of all our existing turbines before we look at purchasing additional units for 2002 . Regards Delainey
Tim , it is all yours please communicate ASAP to Jana Jovanni in the A&A program . Regards Delainey
Tim , please provide Jana with your choice of person ASAP . Regards Delainey
John , I don't get it - are they trading gas and power . I thought this wasyour group ? Regards Delainey
Dick , I have signed the DASH . Good job . One comment , the DASH for Basic particularily the RAC comments was very poorly written . Please keep an eye on this for me . Regards Delainey
Guys , I would like your opinion on this potential transaction . This has been sold through GE for some time and it is reasonably likely that if we employed some additional resources that this could be completed over the next quarter or so . Ultimately , Rodney and his team would like to see EES take control of the deal with EIM folks staying involved to ensure continuity and to assist to closure . Assuming that the sales process is largely completed , I see some value for Enron to take this deal including: c ) GE on our EES resume of companies which will help in future sales to the large industrial customers; and d ) provides an "in" to the GE family of companies which could result in significant up-sell capability in the future if we provide a quality product . Regards Delainey
Jana , I had a late request from the Portland team to nominate a person , I don't think that Janet would mind letting them nominate this person . If I am incorrect Janet let me know . Regards Delainey
Brian , what is the cost basis in these turbines ? Regards Delainey
Marty , no agenda on this one at all . Given , the change in Enron Industrial Markets towards building the paper and steel commodity markets and less so on the outsourcing product , I just wanted your opinion on whether this is a deal we should do especially given the sales cycle is largely completed . I believe that Rodney and his team want to finish this deal but given other priorities they would like to transition the deal to EES . Ultimately , the value ( TCV , earnings , up-sell , resume ) would benefit Enron more in EES than Regards Delainey
Rodney , from what you told me it sounds like GE is willing to play on the Selkirk asset so the sales cycle should be largely completed . Can you answer Marty's other questions ? Regards Delainey
Ken , I have taken a look at the material you had sent me on the ARC Northern Gas Pipeline Route . Ultimately , I believe that ARC is looking for certain strategic investors to provide founding capital to fund the development of this proposal . To the extent that this is a open access non-discriminatory pipe , ENA's opportunity lies in being a shipper to capitalize on basis markets or customer transactions that provide attractive risk reward characteristics . Other than understanding the potential flows and costs , there is probably not much we need to do today given a 2006 start from an ENA point of view . The ARC consortium needs to fund approximately $30M to develop this project . The US and Canadian aboriginal groups will receive 33% ownership for $10M . the remaining $20M and 67% will be funded by a group of producers , pipelines , venture capital and the "organizing group" ( 40%!!) . Stan Horton , if he believes this is a commercial possibility , may want to provide a few million of founding capital to the venture in order to preserve him the option to participate as an equity holder or operator if this becomes a reality . Regards Delainey
Guys , what is your plan ? Regards Delainey
Ike , thanks for the letter on Friday . The team is preparing an analysis on where we have flexibility and preparing a response . We should be able to respond before the end of the week . Thanks Dave Delainey
Eric , as per my discussion with Rob , I believe that the site has the most value to us given its location and capability . I would continue to actively develop that site for a variety of turbine technologies . As far as the turbines , I would probably exit them in the most opportune manner . Regards Delainey
Guys , Joe Sutton had passed down an opportunity that probably fits your capabilities better than ours . In a nutshell , a consultant on retainer by Mass . General Hospital in Boston , part of the Healthcare Partners system , is desiring a steam and electric contract . The steam load could be as high as 500,000 pd of steam and 22 MW of power . I think they are very open to an energy partner to manage all their needs perhaps including the six or seven other hospitals that HP controls in the nation . The consultants name is Joe Petrowski ( 203)451-9747 . I spoke to him yesterday afternoon and promised that one of you would be in contact . Joe is a big fan of Enron's and could see the logic of a more robust product like the full energy outsourcing versus just a steam agreement . It may be a good lead into the health care segment . Regards Delainey
Guys , attached you will find the final plan to meet our origination targets for Q4 consistent with our discussions . It is important that we hit our numbers in order for Enron to meet its targets for the year . Regards Delainey
Rodney , if this deal is such a long put why did you push me into this process ? You should have made the call to kill it . Regards Delainey
Chris , I would let this fish go . He has been through the organization too many times . Regards Delainey
Barbara , short of me coming up with the money , it will be next to impossible to get this out of either the trading or origination group . As a significant contributor to the PAC and Enron's other adventures , I don't have the room . Personally , I also have difficulty making campaign contributions so closely linked to specific legislation or policy . This may not be the answer you want; however , I am all ears if you have any ideas on raising these funds . Regards Delainey
Guys , notes from the morning meeting . Please review and comment . Specific action items: a ) i)further calculation of ENA/Non- ENA capacity charges , ii ) estimation of outside legal and iii ) formulation of charge out/feedback process to the business units; b ) need budget/review for competitive analysis , technical and restructuring . Regards Delainey
Jim , hold off until I let you know to go . Thanks
Guys , reference to a ) below has to do with the legal budget . Sorry for the lack of clarity . Regards Delainey
Strike One ! Regards Delainey
fine
Guys , if you or any of you people have interest in attending please contact Wendy Roy . Regards Delainey
Guys , anything you can do to encourage your employees to take a little time to participate in the survey would be much appreciated . This is a valuable exercise for the company . Regards Delainey
David , can you point D'Arcy in the right direction in ENA or ESA . Regards Delainey
Mark , I am not completely sure what the other groups want to do; however , assuming a fixed amount of the "internal" legal costs are fairly represented by this allocation as ENA's "capacity" charge , you are correct . This number will be in the P/L under your name . The "outside" legal costs should be tracked and controlled and carried at the business unit ( by deal ) level . I need an estimate of the quarterly "capacity charge" for ENA and an estimate of outside legal costs by business unit . Regards Delainey
Jim , lets get together in the next week or so to discuss progress . In the meantime , what are we doing with regard to FERC 637 to ensure that we have favourable rules in the trading of natural gas transportation capacity ? Do we have a master summary of the RTO proposals submitted last week ? Regards Delainey
Barry , I have not spoken to Whitt yet - working on this week . I would suggest that you will need to get a few bright managers/associates to manage the mid-market and a couple of more experienced originators ( internal or external? ) to complement . I would start thinking about how to get that done . I would call Oxley for help if needed . Regards Delainey
Jim , I would start focusing some attention on gas at this point . When we get together I would like to sit down and go through a number of organizational re-alignments and what we may want to do on the regulatory front to support those businesses . Regards Delainey
Guys , I spoke with Mark this morning . He is very supportive of the structure and idea . I had indicated that he would continue to run the producer services business in the West but would also be part of the overall team as we plot out strategy in the West . He wants to stay in Denver which I think we should be able to accomodate as long as his group stays integrated into the overall team . I had indicated that we would consolidate market making into Houston and Paul Lucci could decide if he wants to continue trading or not - if so he needs to move to Houston . Phillip/Barry , go ahead and start working with Mark as you develop your plans going forward . I will be speaking to Stephanie Miller this week and will give the green light with her shortly . Regards Delainey
sounds like a great idea
Tim , don't worry about me - it worked out fine . Just a bad day on the P/L side . Thanks for leading some of these efforts it is often a thankless job . Regards Delainey
Tim , that will be fine . This is a discussion topic that I want your input on for next year . Regards Delainey
Guys , attached you will find the updated orig plan for Q4 . Trading income is slim pickings so far . ... . we need some key deals of all sizes to close in the fourth quarter from your organizations . Thanks Delainey
Roger that - book 'em Dano . Regards Delainey
Colleen , thanks for the update - as another part of the nat gas value chain , traded transportation , with and without EOL should be a priority . However , I think we have to ensure that we have rules and procedures accepted by the FERC that will allow the market to work . Jim , can you ensure that Colleen and Julie have the regulatory support needed to ensure that the market gets set up appropriately . Thanks . Regards Delainey
D'Arcy , sorry I missed you last week . I am going to be down in Rio mid November for some meetings with the S American team . Maybe we can have a discussion then ? I would very much like to get your opinion . Regards Delainey
Looks good . Regards Delainey
Jim , what ever you think is appropriate . As far as the weekend , lets just play it by ear . At the meetings , I think it would be helpful to go through the following a ) review the Brazilian and Argentine gas and power markets - flows , grid , participants ( bids and offers) , assets , pool structures , regulatory and political environment , currency and credit challenges , supply and demand & historical prices and volumes; b ) review ESA's current regulated/un-regulated assets and generation strategy; c ) review ESA current book positions , market views , products and product development; and d ) brief review of other S . American markets . I assume that you will have the Argentines to Brazil for the discussion and any one else you think appropriate . Let me know what I need to do otherwise . Thanks Regards Delainey
David , thanks for the people listing . Wes , we need 1999 and 2000 ( including CE ) ESA income statements for each market in as much detail as possible . Looking for un-necessary overheads and where the income brightspots lie . We would probably need the ESA 2001 budget ( income , expense , cashflow and capital ) for the trading/marketing/EES business and the asset/regulated business in seperate formats . A current balance sheet would be helpful as well . I think it may be appropriate for both of you to join us . You need to get your Visa issues worked out quickly - Kay can help . Regards Delainey
Fran , can you speak to Brian on this issue . Regards Delainey
sound good mark
pls , forward these to Tammy Sheppherd to incorporate in the ENA OOC reports . Regards Delainey
Guys , updates to numbers given discussions at QBR's . Regards Delainey
Guys , attached you will find a preliminary agenda for the 2000 ENA Offsite . As leaders of the organization , you have been invited to participate in a two day offsite where business 2001 objectives and strategies for ENA will be discussed . It is scheduled to occur December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas . This is the forum to ensure that your point of view and ideas can be heard and incorporated into our plans and iniatives as such I would encourage everyone to attend and to stay for the entire period . In particular , we would like everyone to stay over Friday night and leave Saturday morning . ENA public relations ( Dorie ) will manage all the logistics including air fare . Final invitations , details and agenda will follow shortly . Regards Dave and John
Chris , e-mail didn't pick up your name . You are invited as well . Regards Delainey
Please plan on attending and presenting . Regards Delainey
Jeff , as per our discussion , this would be a great opportunity for you to spend some time with and instill your vision for Enron to the leaders of the ENA organization . I have attached a preliminary agenda which has you speaking to the group right after dinner the night of December 14th . You have no time constraint on the length of your talk ( ie ) whatever you find find appropriate in order to get your message across . I though it might be interesting for you to give your vision of Enron's 2001 goals , objectives and strategy . As well , a brief business overview of EES , EBS and Networks may be valuable in building connections . Regards Delainey
Gregg , please send a hard copy - the pdf file can not be opened on ENA systems in Houston . Thanks Delainey
Steve , great letter and arguement , I think the more public we can be on this one the better . Thanks Dave
Guys , can you help Phillip out with this , I assume this has something to do with the 20/20 deal . I believe a reserve should have been set up for this payment which was only designed to ensure that the transaction was accretive to NBPL . Regards Delainey
Wow , if Haug spent more time making money than created bull... . in the company we would be a $100 stock . On a different note , I was wondering if someone in your shop could map the current A&A process from planning for on-campus recruitment to manager promotion for the typical associate including timeline . This process mapping should be very detailed to give us the greatest insight . I think radical change is not the answer . The answer lies in a combination of a ) slight changes in process; b ) increasing participation/ownership at key points in the process by certain business units and people; and c ) a credible key business spokesman or spokespersons co-opting the other units where necessary and providing the commercial leadership and representation for the program internally . Overall this is a commercial program that needs to meet commercial objectives - the closer to the front the better . The goals of any restructuring are: a ) eliminate the perception that the program is not receptive to the business units needs or any bu's perception that they lack ownership for the program; b ) increase the quality of the recruits that are brought in and retained; c ) ensure we have the best people in the organization recruiting , selling and interviewing; d ) ensure that we have the best commercial training program that firmly grounds the associate in the "Enron technology" which include skills in market understanding , structuring , finance , logistics and risk; e ) ensure the business units have the ability to identify the outstanding talent early and give those people the responsibility necessary to move them up the curve quickly ( ie ) quickly identify the Whalley/Lavorato's in the program and , on the flip side , quickly deal with clear non-performance issues; f ) review the effectiveness of the current PRC process as a development , retention and performance tool; g ) incorporate mid-year flexibility , internet recruiting techniques , non-traditional sources of talent and h ) increase cost effectiveness . The solutions may include mandated participation by certain business units , people and teams , business tracks , etc . I think a thorough process mapping/tracking can identify ( or help me see ) the key spots for change/modification/ownership that reach these goals with the least amount of wholesale change for the sake of change . I think we need to get back to Jeff not next week but the following week with a strawman . Let me know your thoughts . Regards Delainey
John , this is a Skilling issue - Charlene and myself are going to talk to him about several changes in the next couple of weeks . Regards Delainey
Rob , lets discuss . Regards Delainey
Chris , Rob Milnthorp will give you a call to further discuss the opportunity . I would suggest that you find a day over the next couple weeks to meet Rob in Calgary to speak in detail about the role , the market and expectations . I appreciate your openess and let me know how I can help . The Ontario market is one of the best new market opportunities for ENA over the next year . Regards Delainey
Tim , I would argue that we should pursue this business as long as a ) we are being adequately compensated for the financing and underlying commodity risk; b ) we have very good paper; c ) we are dealing with solid credits and are charging an appropriate risk adjusted cost of capital for the underlying financing; d ) we have the ability to syndicate the capital or funds flow position if needed to manage cash issues and e ) that RAC is comfortable that we are reaching these goals . Any imbedded financing or $5M or more should be DASHED . David , Joe and Mark should be your key contacts to ensure we are adequately managing these issues but I do not see any fatal flaw in the strategy if priced/managed well and we watch the funds flow issues . Regards Delainey
Chris , the numbers are getting pretty large - we are trying to find a reasonable cut-off before this turns into an All-Employee meeting at the Hyatt . John and I decided to cut it off based upon who will be wearing large visable budgets . In the West , that includes Tim/Mike for trading; Chris/Greg for mid market and yourself for origination . I hope this rationale will manage your issues . If we invite Jake I think you do have to invite Parquet and McDonald and we just don't have the room . Lets discuss . Regards Delainey
Rob , independent of dotted/solid lines , you already have the primary and complete responsibility to manage the office and the business . At the risk of being bold , I think the undercurrent of your note and your discussions with Haedicke over the last couple of days is a matter of absolute control . Ownership and passion are important characteristics of our best commercial people but so is fostering a diversity of opinions and ideas . With the back and mid office , the current Enron model is based upon scale and standardization which generates tremendous operating leverage . Further , it helps us manage risk and is a board mandated control issue . In the long-run , it is actually less costly ( ie ) systems that don't work together , less transferable human capital , un-managed legal risks , etc . A lot of your points are very valid and Haedicke has never and never will get in the way of managing commercial business; however , Mark , Wes , Sally , Beth et al have a mandate to provide a flexible , scalable but standardized delivery mechanism , that manages our risk across the broad empire . Don't quit protecting the business and your people; however , please help accomplish some of these goals as well . In short , I would like to keep the reporting structures the same . Lets take the earliest opporunity to discuss this . Regards Delainey
Great job guys - keep it coming ! Regards Delainey
Great job - we all appreciate your management of the situation . The A&A program is our most important asset . Regards Delainey
Jane , we would like to go the Adjustment of Status route . Regards Delainey
I stand corrected - we need to DASH everything over $500K . Regards Delainey
Mark , fyi and between you and I . Rob will always do the right thing - he is just a little more passionate than the average Enron guy . Keep trying to build those bridges . Regards Delainey
Chris , fyi
Guys , great job - the Canadian office is still the model . Regards Delainey
Kay , can you handle this stuff for me . thxs Regards Delainey
Dorie , as per our discussion . For the Friday night speaker , can you give me an idea of price and availability for the following: - Joe Gibbs - Joe Paterno The topic would be leadership and motivation . Regards Delainey
Christi , please provide me with a timeline of when you expect to be filing protests against each utility . As well , please ensure that both Kevin and I sign off on the filing before it goes out . Regards
Guys , I would like you to consider the following people to provide the basis of your producer marketing team . They are being re-deployed out of the upstream services group and have significant experience and relationships in the producer services market segment . They can provide mid-market coverage , producer outsourcing , well-head purchases , etc . As per our previous discussion , these folks will be your producer team and will provide all ENA's products to the segment . Please keep this confidential - but please speak with Jean Mrha . The names include: Linda Roberts - director - lead the central region; Mary Jo Johnson - manager - central region ( wait until post HPL sale); Jill Zivley - director - lead the east region; Gary Bryan - director - east region; Jennifer Martinez - manager - east region; Bill Brogan - manager - east region; Kreg Hall - analyst - east region; Brian Riley - director - east region ( wait until post HPL sale) . Both Brian and Mary Jo are inside HPL and if sold would interview with the buyer first and then would be available for ENA - lets wait on these folks until post sale . Lets make a strong effort to accomodate these folks given their experience and availability . Regards Delainey
Brian , good memo . Regards Delainey
Ike , sorry for the delay , it took us longer to deal with certain issues than expected . I have faxed you a proposal . Lets discuss at your earliest convenience . Regards Dave Delainey
Guys , attached you will find a final cut on the ENA 2001 expense budget . Please review and make any adjustments to your existing plan that are appropriate to hit the net ENA target . In order to stay flat year on year , I split the remaining positive variance equally across the groups . As we had discussed earlier , these costs will not be allocated to the business units and will be tracked on the ENA income statement below the line and the accountability managed by each of you . All outside variable costs , specifically related to specific deals , will be charged to the business units eg ) outside legal and tax , outside technical expertise , facility costs , outside research support , incremental back and mid office support for specific asset management deals , specific entertainment , etc . I look at this cost structure as the minimum capacity charge we need to operate our business and evaluate/manage our risks . Wes , can you please finalize the one page plan ( expenses and headcount ) for each group with these changes . Regards Delainey
Dan , any help would be appreciated - we are very well positioned in the Florida market at this point . Regards Delainey
Tim , lets not worry about margin at this point - we are trying to get a handle on headcount and direct expenses/capital charge first . You will have your day in court to discuss margin soon . Regards Delainey
Mike , duly noted; however , there will be at this point no change in the scope and function of Redmond's group . Thanks Delainey
Guys , I noticed that the corporate tax allocation to ENA has more than doubled from 2000 forecast to 2001 plan ie ) $1,600,000 from $700,000 . Could you please explain . Our goal which is being met in ENA's direct expense groups is to remain flat year or year from 2000 to 2001 . Regards Delainey
David , I don't know if you are the right person to speak with; however , I am looking for detail to explain the substantial increase in insurance related cost allocations to ENA for 2001 . We have been given allocation projections that increase our expense from $3.9M to $8.0M . I would like to know how this was determined and the nature of these costs ( ie ) what assets/positions . If you are not the right person , I apologize for the intrusion and could you please pass this on to the right spot . Regards Dave Delainey
Steve , I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21% year on year ( ie ) $13.9M from $11.5M . We have been able to keep ENA's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well . Do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal ? Regards Delainey
kay , see when this is and if I can go ? Regards Delainey
Keep pushing these guys . Regards Delainey
Ken , I think we should pass on the sponsorship of this event . If you have a different view , lets discuss at your earliest convenience . Thanks Delainey
Jim , is there executive summaries for the following: a ) Eastern Interconnect investigation by region; and b ) RTO's filings . Regards Delainey
Jim , can you send me hard copies - I am having trouble opening these reports . Any summaries on the RTO filings ? Regards Delainey
Janet , any ideas ? Regards Delainey
Guys , I would like to schedule a one hour meeting to discuss the 2000 and 2001 IT budget . Essentially , I would like this first meeting to discuss our approach to a ) understanding in some detail our 2000 costs and the nature/behaviour of those costs and b ) in this context , ENA's priorities and the system plan , come up with the 2001 budget and how the accountability will be managed . Kay , can you please try to organize ASAP . Regards Delainey
Wes , can you adjust West Power numbers for the drop in headcount . Regards Delainey
Wes , Dave Duran agreed to reduce his plan to flat year on year for commercial expenses - can you reflect that in your sheets please . Regards Delainey
Paul , thanks for the note . Please clarify the following for me: break out 2001 property premiums ( $3M ) for each major ENA asset ie ) peaker , the ponderosa facility , LV Cogen and HPL/Hanover assets et al . Wes , can you confirm for me that no insurance costs are embedded in the teams 2001 plans . Regards Delainey
Mike , can you keep the approval amount under $20M ? Regards Delainey
You guys need to manage this...... .
Janet , please have someone draft up a short speech for this function . Regards Delainey
Chris , sounds good - a ) Wes will work with you on earnings recognition issues for Pastoria and b ) selling the LM's and the LV Cogen asset is a good call regardless of the hit . Some accounting flexibility on the LV hit may be worthwhile . Value protected counts just as much as new value created - you are doing the right thing . Regards Delainey
thanks Susan Regards Delainey
Rob , we are planning to file the following protest of HQ's behaviour in the NE power markets through their market based rates case with the FERC , do you have any issues with this approach ? Regards Delainey
Christy , can we send these documents in word format - I'm not sure if this is a problem for everyone but I can never open these attachments from Braeswell . Can you please send a hard copy . Regards Delainey
Guys , in coordination with your trading partners , can you start putting together your offsite presentations . Each group will have approximately one hour to one hour and half . A suggested format would include ( for East Power , East Gas , West Power , Canada ( power and gas) , Central Gas and West Gas): a ) market overview - including supply/demand , structural changes , etc; b ) strategy and opportunities in 2001(include five new trading/origination opportunities for 2001); c ) expected 2001 new products/structures , coverage and deal flow; d ) what worked in 2000 what didn't; and e ) organization and resources - people , assets , constraints , etc . In a nutshell , we want you to share with the group how your market works , where the opportunties lie and how are you positioning yourself to take advantage of those opportunties in order to reach your financial and other goals in 2001 . Tammy Sheppard and Dorie Hitchcock will coordinate and do a lot of the heavy lifting; however , they need your first cut by December 8th . Thanks Delainey
Milly is ok; however , I would like a quick read of the document once you send a hard copy up.. . Regards Delainey
Beth , can you start putting together your presentation for the offsite . You have approximately one hour . Topic should focus on the 2001 ENA systems plan ( ie ) what are identified priorities , key maintenance , new iniatives and maybe your view of where we need to go in the future . I would leave some time for questions . The audience should come away from the meeting with a pretty good understanding of what is our systems agenda for ENA in 2001 . Could you have a first cut by December 8th ? Tammy Sheppard and Dorie Hitchcock can do some of the heavy lifting . Regards Delainey
working it Guys , can you start working on your presentations for the offsite . Dave I would like you to focus on the new generation of capital products that you are working on for the IPP market which should be able to source short and medium term commodity liquidity and be syndicatable(? ) on the capital side . Go into some detail and speak to a couple of specific opportunities . It may also be interesting for you to give an initial cut on the economics of coal generation ( including emissions control ) given current power and gas markets and a quick view of the development process . How should we participate in this market ? Gasification technology ? Jeff , in your talk , can you focus on the emerging distributed generation sector ie ) the technologies , the users , the VC's , etc . Specifically , how will these technologies change our business model and the overall power business model ? How are we positioning ourselves in this market ? What is the PI strategy with this regard ? Dorie Hitchcock and Tammy Sheppard can do a lot of the heavy lifting; however , we need a first cut by December 8th . Thanks Delainey
Joe , has Jeff Rubin confirmed his availability on December 14th from 4:00 to 5:30PM to give us a macro-economic overview ?  Regards Delainey
Rick , I need your view on which of these deals need to go through the board: - Tex Mex ( ERCOT to Mexico transmission line with term PPA with Desarco ) - CRRA/Fuel Cell Energy ( fuel cell deal with Conn . regulators ) - sale of Pastoria and LV Cogen ( assume not ) - sale of ECP ( assume not ) - sale of HPL ( assume not) . Regards Delainey
FYI
Shawn , just a little buried - why don't you come by on Monday . Kay please schedule . Regards Delainey
Steve , what is the status ? Regards Delainey
Tim , sorry for the delay - lets talk if you think it is warranted . I can see a lot of positives to take this path . However , there are a ) pr issues and b ) we have hoards of on-going litigation that cost us a bundle . We should make this decision very carefully . Regards Delainey
Jim , my understanding is that there continues to be some discussion on whether there will be functional seperation of the retail and wholesale businesses and to what extent and under what strategy these are undertaken . I am not sure that we want to put ourselves in a box under any structure until these things are completely ironed out eg ) country managers et al . I'm not in agreement with any memo that further details the organization beyond what was outlined in the original memo . However , I am in agreement that this needs to get resolved ASAP unfortunately Frevert and Skilling and most of the first world is out this week . I ask for your patience . Lets discuss . Regards Delainey
Mark , FYI - In my estimation this business is no bigger than Mexico or the Toronto business ie ) $25 to $30M in real value with reasonably high risk . I see no value in having two different agendas being pushed in S . America . I also believe that we could cut overhead and right size the organization and not loose any capability . Early estimations are a reduction in budgeted OH by at least a third to one-half . Did you or Jeff speak with Jim ? Regards Delainey
Ken , in response to the letter from Mr Miguel San Juan , my suggestion would be to offer up the Falcon for their use; however , given the tight time frame and your recent visit with Mr . Fox that it would be difficult for either you or me to participate . I spoke to Max and he agrees with this approach . I hope this meets with your approval . Regards Delainey
Guys , Wes is going to come talk to you about booking more value in Mariner in order to meet Global Finance and ENA targets . I want a view from you guys of what is the prudent carry value for Mariner assuming current gas prices and the reserve increases assumed to coming . Keep in mind what would be a reasonble sale value for the asset mid-next year as per our plan . Regards Delainey
Dave , I am going to send Shawn your way - he has extensive development , asset and project finance experience . I would like him under your supervision to manage our coal power development strategy - like we discussed it could be a very robust strategy with multiple exit points . I strongly believe that coal needs to come back into the stack and that the existing development teams ( Parquet & Jacoby ) are already buried under mid-stream gas development opportunities . This would incorporate acquisitions , development , technology , asset sales , emissions credits & technology , fuel supply and power sales . Please update your 2001 budget to incorporate this new iniative . Regards Delainey
Jeff , can you spend a little time thinking about the current North American energy markets ( very high energy prices , stretched infrastructure , etc ) and determine which game changing or altering technologies , business models or existing corporate positions that will benefit from such price and volatility levels . In particular , I think that Miller should take a look at coal gasification technologies , emissions technologies and DSM/efficiency technologies and how these investments may fit in the charter or our overall business . As well , from a corporate development point of view which parts of the value chain ie ) IPP , E&P , utility , assets , etc are undervalued given current commodity curves and expectations . Can you get back to me with a few ideas in the next week or so - maybe it would help to go pick a few brains in various ENA orgs as part of your process . Regards Delainey
Sorry Mike wrong address Guys , lets get together to get final resolution to these issues including the peaker fee asap . Regards Delainey
Jean , can you give me an update on Q4 from an earnings point of view ie ) deals and value . Regards Delainey Rob , can you give me a view on where you stand for fourth quarter from an orig point of view ie ) deals and value . Regards Delainey
Guys can you give me a view on Q4 earnings ie ) deals and value . Regards Delainey
Ken , in response to your note , I am not aware of any official dialogue with Mr . Kase Lawal about a potential sale of Mariner or with the economics of the aborted IPO . His $250 M valuation may have been appropriate 12 to 18 months ago . However , Mariner has enjoyed a series of successful wells that are expected to be booked in reserve reports next March not to mention significant increases in gas and oil prices . Our current valuations , in the $600M range is a stretch target but not incredibly out of line given reserve growth and current energy prices . Our current goal , is to be able to demonstrate three to four quarters of increasing operating cashflow and reserves growth before attempting a private sale mid next year to a significant E&P concern that desires an offshore division . The concentration , operating and exploration risk implicit in Mariner make it a very poor IPO candidate ( (ie ) I'm not sure that an IPO was ever a viable strategy to maximize the exit value) . I would recommend that we not meet to make the following points: a ) Mariner is not on the market at this point in time and b ) his un-solicited offer does not warrant serious attention . Otherwise , we would be glad to speak to him in the future if we decide to sell tha asset . I hope this meets with your approval . Regards Delainey
Guys , there is quite a number of us dealing with this problem - what are our solutions ? Could we have a corporate jet available for folks stuck in the A&A PRC ? Other ? Regards Delainey
Shawn , if you are in - I would like you to work with Dave Duran on this item . He currently manages the ENA IPP group and the QF Restructuring Group . I would like to manage this under Dave and your leadership . He has created a lot of businesses and value in ENA over the years and can help . Let me know Regards Delainey
Rob can you give Om a call . Regards Delainey
Shawn , go ahead and give Dave a call to discuss strategy , resources and approach . Regards Delainey
Lou , are there concerns that I am not aware ? From an economic point of view , it is clearly not in our interest to aggregate residential or small customers who have retail choice; however , standard office service ( like the UI deal ) is clearly a customized , wholesale/all -requirements sale of significant size negotiated with the utility and the puc . Regards Delainey
Rob , thanks for the update - I am assuming that you will come up with $23M Cdn ( $16M USD ) - "highly likely" with PML . We do not have recorded in the financial statements the $8M Cdn in done deals - you may want to look into that . We need the money to show up given every other Enron group is flaking - bail me out my friend ! Regards Delainey
Jim , I really don't see a need for this meeting - you can count on us not dropping the ball . I have a good understanding of the retail product offering , in fact , we lead the outsourcing sales process for the large industrial customers in NA until EES bought back their minority shareholders . I have a very good relationship with Dan Leff and Sunde . I already have Dan's committment to help service the execution of the business initially . As it grows and the product proves itself out we can staff . Regards Delainey
Dorie , I have to question the effectiveness of this program . Over the years , it appears that more spots are being filled by Enron people then customers . The effectiveness of this forum from a customer point of view is questionable . I vote to kill it . Please forgive the approach - but I would like to provoke a discussion with my partners . Regards Delainey
FYI
Rebecca , if you wouldn't mind I would like to sit in on the Monday meeting . I think that Mariella from what I have seen and heard is very capable . I strongly believe that we need to put a dedicated ( with fresh eyes ) SWAT team on this one that has control of the complete commercial , technical and financial aspects of this project . This is the only way to be effective . Whether it is with you or me or both , I am indifferent I would like to ensure that Kishkill , Wiggs , Gonzales and Alberquerque are not buried in this project given other goals and objectives . Thanks Regards Delainey
Pretty quiet on the EcoGas/Kafus front..... . whats up ? Regards Delainey
Mark , I really don't think we need to have this all hands mtg - in particular I don't want to drag Lou into this discussion again . Regards Delainey
Guys , we need your final review on next years budget ( direct expense ) for MW Gas ( Luce ) and LT Gas Fundamentals/Transport Capacity ( Gomez ) done today . We are running out of time to finalize the budgeting process . I would much appreciate your assistance . Regards Delainey
Steve , I appreciate the offer - I hope you didn't have to promise your first born since I was basically giving you a hard time . I may take you up on this next season . Regardless , I appreciate all the good work you and your team are doing . Regards Delainey
Guys , can you come explain some of this to me including where we stand on the GE issues . Regards Delainey
Don , give Harry some $$'s Regards Delainey
As per our discussion .
Guys , FYI - Ben , can you follow up with this person with our interest or lack thereof whichever is applicable . Regards Delainey
You caught us . .. .
good job - keep them coming ! Regards Delainey
Guys , please take a read of the draft memo - would like to send out tommorrow . Regards Delainey
Updated draft memo . Regards Delainey
Jeff , hopefully we can convince you to come when we re-schedule - seemed like an easy call . Regards Delainey
Guys , what is this!!! ! No - I think that Ahlstrom should take this risk or it should be reflected in a price reduction . I vote not to do the deal otherwise . Regards Delainey
Joe , do you have a home for this guy - he desperately wants to stay in S . America . Regards Delainey
Joe , couple of points - a ) please check spelling and typos closely and b ) in the first paragraph of the second page starting "The Commercial Origination...." should end with "... . knowledge necessary to reach our goals." Regards Delainey
Dave
Guys , I assume that you will have a complete headcount and a revised 2001expense/revenue/capital budget available in the next week or so . I wouldalso like to know what your HR plan might be given these changes . David Oxley will the help with the HR issues and Wes Colwell with the budget issues . No turning back gentlemen . I look forward to great success in the next yeaFrevert , Whalley , Lavo and myself are sitting down to discuss Electrobolt oTuesday morning - subject to that meeting we have approval to go ahead fromSkilling . Regards Delainey
Are you in ? Time is a wasting.... . Regards Delainey
Kay , please set up a time for us to speak -- Bruce sorry for the delay - life has been a little hectic . Don't ever hesitate to call , just have patience . Regards Delainey
guys , phone numbers: Home: 713-592-9723 Cell: 713-907-6315 Regards Delainey
Mike , I will try and call you on Monday - I spoke to Kish about Arcor - he is working on it . Hang in there . .. . Regards Delainey
Brett , can you give me the particulars on the four MEH turbines ( ie ) scheduled delivery , price , fuel options , heat rate , output,etc - including Regards Delainey
Brett , got it covered . thanks Dave
Guys , I suggest that we write it down in order to ensure that we don't get it back as other groups use up the Raptor capacity . We have sufficient market data points to do this . Please advise . Regards Delainey
FYI - action is required . Regards Delainey
ok if Mark is ok . Regards Delainey
Mike , sorry for the delay.... . lots going on including low value add in board meetings and PRC's . Lets set up this discussion with the following points: a ) we are not exiting Argentina; b ) we need to right-size the overall organization to fit the business opportunity; c ) if possible on the commercial front , I would like to consolidate intellectual assets to one location in order to generate greater productivity , increased team work , a flatter org chart , real time decision making and greater communication; d ) we need to continue to maintain a strong presence ( including customer coverage ) in both markets including an office in Argentina; and e ) I would like to consolidate all non-commercial activity for ESA to Sao Paulo . Ultimately , I would like a very flat , commercially focused trading and origination organization ( given limited resources ) that prioritizes resources based on the highest value transactions independent of geography , retail vs wholesale or development vs commodity . However , I want to keep a strong presence in both markets and understand the language , political and cultural issues . I may be asking for my cake and eat it too; however , I believe that you guys will find the balance . There is no need for you to leave Argentina - its up to you , Joe and Orlando to determine consistent with the business model we are trying to move forward . Propose to me a plan that manages your concerns but gets us as close to these ideals as possible at a cost that is reasonable . Please work with Joe and Orlando as part of this process . Regards Delainey
Guys , here are the details on the ESA MEH turbines - please forward to me your project details , economics and strategy ASAP . We will allocate these turbines to the project with the best strategic/economic rationale once confirming that they are worth more in ENA versus ESA . If you need more detailed information on these turbines please let me know . Rob , please give me call on this one . Regards Delainey
Ben , please discuss with Dave Duran - he will be responsible for our coal generation strategy . Regards Delainey
Stuart , only New Albany and Doyle would be left . As you have indicated , Doyle is 100% committed to Ogelthorpe . Regards Delainey
FYI see attached Regards Delainey
David , good to hear from you - I am sure we will cross paths in your career with Enron . All the best Delainey
Kay , can you set up some time - perhaps in the new year for a lunch - my office should be fine . Regards Delainey
Guys , I assume you are keeping an eye on "California East" . Any help you can give Kevin would be much appreciated . Regards Delainey
Patrick , there are two pages missing ( ie ) Earnings & ROCE . Regards Delainey
Brett , under the assumption that we are not over-paying for the land and that the site has option value beyond the Petrobras deal , I am ok with the purchase . Regards Delainey
As I had indicated before please work through me or Brett - otherwise we risk our ability to move them - please forward appropriately . Regards Delainey
Brett , this looks fine . Regards Delainey
Guys , attached you will find a draft org memo that I anticpate going out on Thursday . I appreciate your patience . Please give me any comments ASAP ( only major issues) . Brian/Tim , I assume that we need a communication strategy to HPL employees before this memo goes out - please advise . Please keep this note confidential until release . Regards Delainey
Guys , the outside date on termination due to force majeure was moved to October 31,2002 . It is our risk to construct the pipeline;however , it is a breach of contract if Petrobras does not have gas at the site by April 30 , Regards Delainey
Randy , looks like a good solution - well done . Regards Delainey
Rebecca . attached you will find the presentation for the HPL deal . Please forward to Jeff . If you have any questions or comments do not hesitate to give me a call . Regards Delainey
Rebecca , lets just go forward with HPL on Thursday - Tex Mex , after going through with the deal team , still has some issues to be resolved . We will push this into Q1 . The HPL deal is anticipated to be signed on Thursday afternoon or Friday morning . Regards Delainey
This should be sent from John and me - Enron Americas , Office of the Chairman to all commercial and support employees in Enron North America . In addition , copy to Joe Kishkill , Orlando Gonzales , Brett Wiggs and Remi Collognes in Enron South America . As well , include Jeff Shankman , Mike McConnell , Jeff McMahon , Ray Bowen , Louise Kitchen , Phillipe Bibi , Rebecca McDonald , Jim Hughes , Mark Frevert , Greg Whalley . Please ensure that I am able to proof the final copy before distributing . I would like to have this by Wednesday night in everyone's e-mail Thursday morning . Regards Dave
Attached please find the final presentation for the board meeting tommorrow . I assume that RAC will have the resolutions and DASH . Regards Delainey
Chris , I need your 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday . Dave
Guys , need your 2000 acoomplishments before Friday . Regards Delainey
Janet , need 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology for Ben Jacoby and Ed McMichael before Friday - please follow up . Regards Delainey
Barry need your 2000 accomplishment and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday Thanks Dave
John , I need your 2000 accomplishment and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday . Thanks Dave
whats up ? Dave
Brett , since Enron owns NEPCO - true risk transfer under a fixed price contract is difficult . However , I do like the behaviour that you get from such accountability ( ie ) high incentive to get done on time and on budget . My experience with NEPCO on cost plus has been very unfavourable ( don't like #1) . I will be supportive of any structure that aligns our interests appropriately . You might want to bounce a few ideas off Dan . I have already given him a heads up on the value at stake if we can come in at the low end of the scale and early . Drop me a note on where you end up . Regards Delainey
FYI
Dan , it will have to wait - I will be back in early January . Regards Delainey
Guys , can you put together the folllowing Portfolio/Charter Review for Principal Investing and Energy Capital Resources: a ) detail existing portfolio - winners/losers; additions/deletions and overall performance; b ) detail market conditions in your markets and any strategy changes following; c ) anticipated major transactions in 2001; and d ) review charter and detail any proposed changes . I would anticipate that we sit down with Rick and Jeff at the end of January - please have package available for my review by mid January . Regards Delainey
Bill , I think you are confusing me with John Lavorato my COO . I am a University of Saskatchewan grad . Regardless , if I can help lets discuss in the new year . Regards Delainey
rick , have a good holiday - John and I appreciate the support you and your group have provided . regards Delainey
Eric , as per our discussion , I would suggest that we have no quotes or comments in the press release . As a sale of assets , which we do actively , in a our network strategy there is really nothing positive that can be said without reflecting poorly on the buyer . I would suggest that we approve an AEP press release as we did with Allegheny . If we have not already , I would not send the attached press release to AEP without cutting out the quote . Regards Delainey
Rebecca , sorry for the delay - I think that Chris Calger who runs our Western development efforts would be very interested . Chris please give Rebecca a call . Regards Delainey
Lisa , I currently work in ENA as CEO and President - mostly nat gas and electricity . Regards Delainey
Brett , for US applications dual fuel may be important for Florida - maybe less in California . Do we need it for Rio Gen or Cuiba ? Can you follow up with Chris Calger and Janet Dietrich to get their views . Thanks Delainey
Janet , I believe a current board member is likely to be picked - last I heard the mayor of Tupelo . Craven will be in office until May . Regards Delainey
Chris , thanks for the update - ensure that Azurix is eliminated from the project which can help financially support the Calpine water discount . Do not hesitate to contact Amanda Martin or Garrisson directly on this one if needed . What is the status of LV ? Regards Delainey
Guys , great job on this one.... . 2001 - should be a big year for Mexico: a ) equity sell down of the Monterrey project; b ) close and further sell down of the Tex Mex project; and c ) 20% growth on risk mgt volumes and income from 2000 levels . Thanks for the great work . Regards Delainey
Janet , between you , Laura and Frank/Gil you should be able to field a one Enron team on this one . I am at your disposal otherwise . Laura/Frank - this is an important one for the team - please work together constructively . Gil should continue in his current role as main relationship manager unless you guys change your mind . Regards Delainey
Guys , attached you will find a completed 2001 Pro Forma budget needing Lavo's review and then detailed review with each team . This workbook has a number of worksheets including: a ) pkrs o&m - this details the o&m costs for the sold peakers assuming we own throught Q2 - charged to the OOC; b ) driftPrepay - shows the detail as provided netting drift and pre-pay expenses - not all that relevant if you assume that increasing drift will be offset by larger monetizations; c ) Summary - overall completed income statement - note that non-external capital charges are added back to reach EBIT; d ) commercial income - guts of the commercial budget; e ) group expenses - shows the detail on ENA net groups expenses , EIS/ENW/IT non-allocable , corporate charges not allocated to specific commercial groups and bonus/other comp; f ) HP&L - takes a cut at HP&L income statement and balance sheet in 2001 assuming a sale by the end of Q2 - this needs some sit down work with Redmond; g ) Balance Sheet Allocations - this defines by group the capital employed , assets to be sold and new capital expenditures expected in 2001 - then calculates a net capital and depreciation charge; h ) Balance Sheet - this defines the existing balance sheet with no anticipated sales or increases by vehicle ( ie ) Enserco , JEDI , etc - merchant investments are charged @ a blended rate of 15% and strategic investments are charged @ a blended rate of 9% . Two action items: a ) Print out for John - Commercial Income & Summary worksheets for his comment and review & b ) Start putting completed commercial packages together for distribution/further comment by the business units in the next couple of weeks - include detailed income statement , headcount , balance sheet ( including expected increases,decreases , capital charge and depreciation) , leave pages open for goals & objectives and target customer list . I would like to review format and detail for each group before distribution . Regards Delainey
Guys , in addition please incorporate in each teams package - their Direct Expense/Headcount ratio to plan average , Productivity ratio to plan average and team ROCE to plan average and any variances from 2000 to 2001 for income/expenses taking into account our most latest 2000 forecasts by group . Wes , I assume that you will be putting together a final 2000 i/s package for me in the next couple of days . Thanks Delainey
Wes , that is fine - flush it . Regards Delainey
yes - we should arrange to get together on Sunday to discuss bonus , comp , promotions and rankings before the PRC on Monday . I am back Saturday night . I hope this works let me know a time . Regards Delainey
Wes , I noticed that Laura Scott is not on the list for non-commercial VP candidate but Georgiana and Sherman were - did you change your mind ? I think you have until the 4th to put up your candidates . Regards Delainey
Jeff , go ahead and have the meeting - I think I know what it is about . Let me know what you guys want to do . Regards Delainey
I have certainly missed your one liners - I will give you a call first thing Regards Delainey
Chris , work with Dorie Hitchcock and get an estimate/approval memo put together . Regards Delainey
Mike , are we closed out on this job with NEPCO as well . Regards Delainey
Mark , do we really want a story on SA at this point ? Seems we have better things to talk about at this point in time . Regards Delainey
Janet , don't trip me up until after January 15 .
None - except for Enron comp ( options et al) .
Mike , send to John Sherriff in Europe . Regards Delainey
Randy , give them what they want and lets move on - don't give another guarantee provide the indemnity for the IRS and environmental claims . Mark if there is a flaw in my thinking let me know . Joe , these guys have been exceedingly difficult to deal with - I would think twice before we bring these guys into any Enron deal in the future . Regards Delainey
Rob , what is your view ? Regards Delainey
Marty , looks like this nut may have some fruit . I look forward to continuing our discussions from 2000 on how we can be better together - I am committed to doing this the right way as I know you are . Regards Delainey
Go go go....! ! Show us how the retail/wholesale business should work together . Great job ! Regards Delainey
Brian , please give me your thoughts via e -mail asap . I believe this will be the most effective tool . Please give me your expectations as well . Regards Delainey
Jim , I can assure you that neither John or myself are trying to attract blame or "cover our backsides"; however , I do believe that there is/was a genuine breakdown in communication somewhere in the deal team , accounting and the desk . As well , it appears that this is not completely a black and white issue and can legitimately attract a number of points of view . As executives of this company , you , Brian , Tim and Tom absolutely were responsible to ensure that all aspects of this transaction are managed correctly . Nevertheless , I think it is amazing we have not had more problems with this divestment given the size , complexity , time and how intertwined it is into the overall framework of ENA . I appreciate your candor and the unselfish maturity to bring to the trading floor . I look forward to working with you as we continue to build our Texas and gas business . Regards Delainey
What is this ? Regards Delainey
Would this guy be a candidate for the LTP ? Regards Delainey
get rid of this please
Brian , good memo - I think you mean't Energy Capital Resources not Enron Capital Resources in your memo . I would distribute widely in the management ranks . Regards Delainey
Guys , given all the change and our 2000 success , I would argue that we should have a meeting; however , the challenge is getting people to show up - any thoughts on this Eric/Dorie ? Regards Delainey
George , it was good to hear from you - please follow up with David Oxley to determine possible roles within ENA . Regards Delainey
Jean , the $6M was a negotiated settlement between me and Marty Rosenberg of several old disputes as we moved forward in the restructuring of the Independence plant earlier in the year - Ruth added little other than administrative support . Regards Delainey
Mike , as a policy offsites and retreats , especially more exotic and expensive , are being discouraged . I would prefer the Galveston offsite and I don't see a need for more than one per year . Please manage through PR - Dorie Hitchcock - she will require an agenda as part of the approval process . I would encourage some significant work discussion to be part of the offsite . If you have some concerns lets discuss . Regards Delainey
Scud incoming... .
Guys , I am in complete agreement on the strategy . This has been discussed for some time , Dave Duran and his group have distinct goals to move this strategy forward in 2001 . Regards Delainey
Dave , we need to get this moving before the coal group starts occupying the space . Regards Delainey
Can we realistically net transmission costs against CTC undercollections for EES ? If there is a credible argument we should discuss . Regards Delainey
Mark , you should be there if possible . Regards Delainey
Guys , I can't recall how the corporate opportunity is managed between Canada and the US for these customers particularily with regard to their transactions in Michigan et al . Is Eastern Canada now managed by the Central desk from a trading and mid-market point of view since Story came down to Houston ? How are the structured deals managed ? Is this still the right split for the business ? Regards Delainey
Kay please send regrets - I think I am in Canada . Regards Delainey
Hey , Rob try and keep under $100K US . Regards Delainey Rob , if you and Dave think this is your best branding opportunity in the short run as we gear up I am supportive . I assume this will be covered in Canada's budget . Send me a towel . Regards Delainey
yes
Kay , please ensure that her expense statements are signed by me . Regards Delainey
Kyle , sounds like a good deal - look forward to this play bearing fruit . Thanks Dave
Rob , can you discuss with the other groups to appropriately sort out the corporate opportunity ( ie ) Laura , Hunter , etc . Dave
Guys , can you work with Milly on this issue . Regards Delainey
Greg , nothing that pressing - I was just wondering how things were going and wanted to catch up on few things . Regards Delainey
Guys , I'm not the sharing type - book me in the Forest Room . Regards Delainey
Yours !
Guys , where do we stand with Tom and the replacement combustion systems ? Regards Delainey
Ken , I'm a lowly piker but I will try to help . Regards Delainey
John , what do you want to do with this ? We had discussed but I wanted to follow up . Regards Delainey
Kevin , the only thing to keep in mind are the patent issues on the DLN - the GE settlement prevents PSM from re-manufacturing any further "tainted" product including spares for the existing DLN system - how might this affect our reliability at peak times ? Regards Delainey
ok , your call - do we have some spares available if needed ? regards Delainey
Guys , I do not have any material that Brian , Tim or Wes would not have in their files . Regards Delainey
John , I assume that you are doing the review for Vince Kaminski . Thanks Dave Jeff , I assume that you are providing a review for Mike L Miller . Thanks Dave
Brian , I assume that you are doing the review for Bob Virgo , Wayne Mays , Jean Mrha and Julie Gomez . Regards Delainey
These are the reviews that I have completed or nearing completion: - Dave Duran - Scott Josey - Brian Redmond - Janet Dietrich - John Thompson - Jeff Donahue - Kay Chapman David , Greg told me that you were going to create a master list of reviews/reviewers to be completed to ensure that the Wholesale OOC's catches all commercial and non-commercial direct reports . I would suggest that we follow up with a master list for each business unit to ensure that all reviews are completed across ENA much like the process we undertook at mid-year . I would shoot for 100% participation target . How are we making out on the NIM/Issues folks in ENA - either out the door or completed plans ? Regards Delainey
Jeff , I assume that you are doing Lydecker , Maffitt and Detmering's review . thanks Dave
Janet , if you are ok , I'm ok - we usually only sign these type of non-solicitations , stand-stills or non-competes if we are well down the road towards having a reasonable probability to completing a transaction with the counterparty . Otherwise , it becomes a nightmare to manage all these . I will leave it to your discretion . Regards Delainey
Dan , sounds like we are moving backwards - but these guys tend to jump the gun at times . If it is not possible for these orgs to work together lets not try and force them ( ie ) we will manage our own business and contract with NEPCO when and if it makes sense . Regards Delainey
Guys , do we have enough VAR to bring this position into the book ? If over $5M in total exposure it has to go to Frevert/Whalley . John , I assume that you have gone through the transaction and have approved . Regards Delainey
Wes , do you have the first cut ? John you need to have some input . Regards Delainey
Ken , I will drive by - I am interested in looking at a few options . thanks Dave
fyi , action
Guys , as a follow on to our discussion last week: a ) run the RFP for VN service for Electro - variety of terms , volumes as per our discussion - next thirty days - Orlando; b ) explore the possibility of adding four additional LM's to the Electrobolt structure as a form of generation mitigation for the Electro short - would Petrobras be open to this discussion and what would be the last date that we would have to call NTP to get in on time to make 2003 - Joe; c ) as much information on the nature of the Electro short and any customer contractual positions that can be provided to Lavo to start estimating the value of the possible straddle - Orlando d ) re-run the Cuiba MTM model given changing cost parameters , fuel issues and timing to determine what the possible hit may be and what are the mitigants - Joe; e ) re-run budget numbers with correct view on re-organization costs - Joe; f ) view on financial budget and strategic goals for 2001 and feedback to ESA g ) update commercial org chart reflecting discussions about the origination teams - Joe; and h ) clarification on sale and asset responsibility in SA on a go forward basis given changing opinions on effectiveness of current organization - Lavo . Outsourcing contacts: b ) Peoples Gas - Laura Luce c ) Virginia Natural Gas - Ed McMichael d ) Brooklyn Union - Ed McMichael Regards Delainey
Janet , the CALME organization does not exist so it might be difficult to negotiate a transfer price - we need to just do the right thing for Enron - if you think you are getting stuffed economically then I would work a deal out with Lavo or Whalley . Regards Delainey
Dan , should we put more meat on this bone ? Regards Delainey
FYI , Ken we may want you to speak to Peevey and Freeman . I believe that discussion should frame the proposal and attempt to set up a meeting with his staff and advisors to answer questions about credit and documentation . In the propsal , we have tried to frame the potential credit and legal holes in their RFP with our suggested language or documents . It would be helpful for the commercial team in ENA/EES to meet with these gentlemen and their advisors to describe the proposal and perhaps move towards negotiating a transaction . The proposal includes: a ) traded power products of various sizes and terms; b ) unit contigent tolls from Pastoria ( 750MW ) and Las Vegas Cogen ( 222MW ) for term; c ) natural gas packages for size for one through five year terms to provide gas hedges for their QF portfolio or other contracted merchant toll contracts; and d ) an preliminary proposal on DSM from EES . I will forward an executive summary from Chris Calger with more detail . Regards Delainey
FYI , refer to previous note .
Steve , write these down in pencil - I need a chance to review . thanks Dave
Steve , I only have the following suggestion for the Office of the Chairman paragraph: "Dave is forming an Office of the Chairman in EES . Joining Dave , in the Office of the Chairman , will be Marty Sunde , as President , Global Marketing Services and Dan Leff , as President , Global Energy Services . Dan and Marty have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful EES business model . In addition , Janet Dietrich will join the Office of the Chairman as Chief Operating Officer . Currently , Janet is Managing Director in Enron Americas where she had successfully led both trading and origination organizations." Regards Delainey
John , I asked Brian to investigate taking a number of ESA's engineering folks into his central Technical Services group . These folks would continue to work on ESA's projects but would get the resources and support of the centralized body particularily in their negotiations with outside vendors including NEPCO and OEC . It would also be another linkage into the SAmerican business from Houston to help monitor and defray technical and development risk . Lets see if Kishkill and Redmond get to the right answer . Regards Delainey
FYI
Mike , Brian Redmond Dave
Jaime , appreciate all your efforts and I am sure you will find a way to hit your targets this year . Regards Delainey
a ) year end reviews - report needs generating like mid-year documenting business unit performance on review completion - David to John; b ) work out or plan generation for the NIM/Issues employees - David to John; c ) HPL transition issues - ongoing . Officially transferred . Regards Delainey
Laura , I know you are busy but I need your plan submission asap so that we can discuss and finalize . Regards Delainey
Rob , I need your re-submission of the plan document including goals and objective asap so that we can have a final discussion and finalize . We should also set up some time to finalize your review . Regards Delainey
Matthew , would your Monday meeting be a good time ( if the time change works ) for me to introduce myself and say a few words via video conference or the like to your organization ? Regards Delainey
fyi , action
Thanks Dave Regards Delainey
thanks Jim regards Dave
Thanks Fred regards Delainey
regards
ok , let me put something together on e-mail over the next day or so - otherwise we will plan to be in Europe over the next 4 weeks or so . regards
regards
thxs for the note - all the best regards i'll be back . .. . thanks for the note . .. . regards
guys , I am out of town - John you will have to represent EA . Regards Delainey
thsx for the note Becky . regards Tim , I appreciate the note and the comments - I may need some of your help in the future as we bring this patient back to health . Regards Delainey
thxs for the note - I was aware of the possibility of my leaving; however , I really felt you needed to make your next step based on your own decisions with no outside pressure or bias . regards Delainey
Mark , thanks for the note - look forward to working with you - you did a great job for me in ENA , I'm sure that will continue . regards Delainey
thxs Chris - look forward to working with you again . Regards Delainey
thsx for the note Stuart - I've heard great things about you and I look forward to working with you . Regards Delainey
thsx for the note Dick - look forward to working with you . regards Delainey thxs Ricardo regards Delainey
Scott , I apologize that no one talked to you before this one went out . I assumed that Marty or Dan had spoken to you as we discussed this initial change; however , I take full responsibility . I will guarantee it won't happen again . My understanding is that you have been a significant contributor to EES strategy and success . You can count on a lot more discussion about which markets and products are core in the few weeks and you will be leading a market opportunity . I have asked Kay to set up some time for us to discuss the market and the future next week . If that is not soon enough , I am around all day today . Regards Delainey
Ed , thanks for the note - hope things are going well . Regards Delainey
Scott , I appreciate your note and I am sure that you will work well with Chris . I have always believed in your talents and capabilities - I won't be far . .. . Regards Delainey
Richard , it is my understanding that this investment is currently in Ray Bowen's business . In my ENA shoes , I would say we would have no interest in taking on that responsibility . In my EES shoes , I would like to take a closer look at the possible connections . Please send me some info on the investment fund and their current investments portfolio . I have also heard that Tom White has been talking to you about EES taking on the Catalytica investment . With my EES shoes on , no way!!! ! Regards Delainey
I'm sorry Bob - AMPS Bob , please give me an update on our progress on this item and the viability of the technology . Regards Delainey
Matthew , Janet and I are going to come your way before March 12th . I'll give you a call to discuss further . Couple of points , I would hope you would share with your group on Monday: - the European retail business is an important and strategic focus for Enron and EES; - it encompases a material part of EES's and Enron Europes margin plan for 2001 - so execution and most probably over performance is key in 2001; - it was birthplace of one of the key EES distribution platforms that needs to be migrated to North America - Enron Direct and the ITOL structure ( for the large industrial customer); - the European business IS one of the largest growth opportunities going forward for EES and EES management will recognize , resource and reward that effort; - I am very involved in business strategy , execution and deals; - I believe in open communication , performance and high performance teams - no bullshit politics; - I recognize and reward performance , thinking , execution and leadership; - I flourish in a culture of ideas , fast action and success; - and I will be visiting London to meet everyone probably late February early March . PS - I am already a citizen of the Commonwealth . Talk to you soon! ! Regards Delainey
Mike , please let Brian know if there is a problem and let him rectify . It is difficult for me to be responsive otherwise . Thanks Dave
Hey Crystal hope things are well . .. . Dawna is fine . We have two girls six ( Kassandra ) and four ( Samantha) . We have been in Houston now three and half years . It has been a good move from a career point of view . Obviously , you had heard my move from Pres./CEO of Enron North America to Chair/CEO of EES . I hope life has been as kind to you . Best of luck in the future . Regards Delainey
Matthew , if you know my reputation , I tend not to be a big fan of these type of events either - however , at this point , I need to collect more information on the event and I think it inappropriate to cancel at this late stage . Going forward , I think we as a management team including yourself should discuss what the strategy should be going forward . Don't hesitate to voice your opinion . Regards Delainey
Matthew , sounds fine - I will have Kay start managing the calendar . Regards Delainey
Chris , I would get Mark or Louise involved at this point - if it is mission critical let me know . Regards Delainey
no
Joe , I will forward his voice mail to you . EES has enough challenges in NA and Europe before tackling retail products and services in a market with no wholesale market . Please follow up . Thanks Delainey
David , I'm not sure there is any value to this for EES North America . There are well known and documented controls and process issues in the mid , back and risk offices of the company . We are working quickly to rectify - servicing your needs at the same time would slow us down . On the European side , I would like your perspective on their controls and business . Regards
thanks Rick By the way , JCP is being restructured or killed . Regards Delainey
thxs ben - i'm sure our paths will cross again . best of luck . regards delainey
thanks Peter - and congrats on the promotion well deserved . Keep actively managing constructively your constituency in Houston . Regards Delainey
John , I spoke to Milly - he is on side . I have completed all reviews except Kishkill and Orlando - how do you want to handle this ? Regards Delainey
Ken , fyi Regards Dave
Thanks Chris - I assume you are speaking about credit risk on the thirty day deal when you refer to the $2M exposure on $100 - has Tim spoken to John about this ? I am supportive of this proposal and approach . Like our discussion , we have to find a way to be supportive to the re-development of this market without creating un-acceptable credit or market losses . We also have to support Lay's efforts in California . Regards Delainey
Sherri , I will be there . Regards Delainey
Peggy , the last version I read was fine . Regards Delainey
Kay , are we in London during this event ? Regards Delainey
Vicki , how much $$ are we talking about for the bankruptcy and the class action suit ? It does not seem inappropriate for us to share the bankruptcy costs given the CTC issue . I agree with you on the class action suit . Lets discuss further before we approach ENA . Regards Delainey
Kay , please ensure I get to this . Dave
Kay , I forwarded a message to you from Sheri Sierra from a gentleman looking for energy mgt services in Japan . I had asked you to forward to Joe Hirl . Please follow up with Joe . Regards Delainey
Just practicing apathy . Regards Delainey
all yours
just send it out to the affected parties .
FYI
Ray , in EES , the Construction Services ( also known as EFS ) companies operate on a stand alone basis from Enron and have clear liquidation value to the parents - EES and Enron Corp . It is my opinion that we should be trying to "un-buckle" these companies from Enron over the short term to ensure their continued viablility as we find a sale . In my view un-buckling means a ) stop the factoring of any Construction Services receivables that end up moving cash out of Construction Services up into the parents; b ) utilizing those receivables plus , if necessary , Enron's interest in Construction Services to obtain sufficient collateral to renew the St . Paul surety bond . This surety bond is necessary to continue contracting; and c ) terminate the sweeping of cash from Construction Services bank accounts to Corp immediately . There will be a meeting early next week with St Paul to renew the surety bond . I am hopeful that meeting these conditions will be enough to reinstate the surety bond . The Construction Services group employs approximately 2,600 people and is worth ( given current backlog ) between $100 and $125 million dollars . Mark and his team are actively trying to sell over the next 60 to 90 days and we control 100% of the stock of this company . The other part half of the former EFS is the Facility Services group ( also know as ServiceCo) . Again , these companies largely operate independently of Enron and have going concern value outside of Enron . Currently , we have outside technology and financial partners in the Facility Services Groups that make it impossible to factor receivables or move cash out of Facility Services bank accounts without the approval of the board which includes several outside directors . We currently own approximately 85% of the firm that employs approximately 1,400 people and is worth minimum $50 million dollars ( cash value) . Mark and his team are actively trying to sell or otherwise dispose over the next 60 to 90 days . EES also manages several joint ventures ( DSM and O&M related mostly ) with customers where we would have to have outside approvals to move cash out of these entities . These include Owens Corning Energy LLC ( Owens Corning) , LE Hesten Energy LLC ( Lily) , Tenant Services Inc . ( Simon Properties) , EBC Property LLC and Enron Distributed Energy Services LLC . In all cases , we need to be observant of corporate governance issues with these entities . As officers , I thought it prudent to ensure that you and your team had all available information . I would also like your approval to move forward with my recommendations for the Construction Services group as above . We appreciate everything you are doing . Regards Dave Delainey
pls approve
OK
Guys , the plan,as I am currently aware: a ) Gas - as per our conversation this AM - press on; b ) Power - start with the California customers post June and the Enron Direct books; c ) follow on with the rest of the power book once we are getting traction on ( b ) above . Thanks Dave
Oz , where are you on the WIP DSM "buckets" ? Dave
Wade , you need to give George and Ray more texture ie ) we lose $30M in value - in active sale mode that looks promising and we buy Enron ten days with New York ISO . Been approved by Rogers Herndon ( Risk ) and Dave Delainey Regards Delainey
Jeff , possible buyer . What are we doing with the NEPool Book - are we selling ? Regards Delainey
Dick , thanks for the e-mail . I don't think I disagree with any of the points you made and I do think we have come a long way over the last year in the DSM "technology" we employ . Unfortunately , a lot of these changes in thinking , sales and cost structure are too little too late . It is highly unlikely at this point that EES will exist beyond next week . All the best in the future and I would like to personally thank you for your contribution , thought process and caring to the end to make your point . Regards Delainey
Ray , as per your request see attached:: The bottom line we will need approximately $82M for the month of December in order to maintain an asset worth approximately $375M . The vast majority 80%+ is prepaid energy which will be recovered from the customer . It is highly likely that we will be able to sell this book .
Guys , it would be great to be able to go off-site in two different locations for these guys but given the fact I had to personally buy the paper for copying the termination packages , I don't think there any funds to spend . Perhaps there are empty offices in 3 Allen . Please look into . Either way we need to ensure that these guys are fairly well seperated . I am waiting for a confidentiality from Calpine and AEP this AM . Regards Delainey
ok to pay
Court would have to approve any reduction or significant change that we would do outside the normal course of business - short answer probably no on the non-compete otherwise we are down to 100 people have at it . Regards Delainey
NERCO is waiting . ..... .
Where are you DSM boy ?
NERCO is waiting . .. .
I am now officially a Blackberry addict . ... .
What's up
Thanks Mike - you can contact me at my Enron number for the next couple of months otherwise at 713-592-9723 . Dave
Peter , I do not have a contact at RWE but if you need a reference let me know . You can continue to contact me at my Enron phone over the next several weeks . Best of luck Dave
Peter , I don't have any contacts at RWE; however , if you need a reference do not hesitate to give me a call . I will be at the Enron number for the next several weeks . All the best in the future . Regards Delainey
Thanks
Hang in there guys... . I'll come have a beer with you guys later . Let me know where you might be . Dave
What's going on ? Dave
guys , please ensure that this is handled . Regards Delainey
Jen , probably done with ENE early in the new year and then determine next steps . Take care . Regards Dave
Jen , no calls from Sempra - I hear San Diego is nice: )
Dan , are you managing or do we need to discuss ? Regards Delainey
Jimmie , I assume that you and Tracey are formulating the options and populating the detailed financials on those options for the board meeting next week . It would be great if we could see that a couple days in advance . David , we should probably call a follow up board meeting for next Wednesday or Thursday . Vicki , we need to speak about the board participation issues and the cash management issues discussed . Regards Delainey
Thanks Judy - you are doing the right things and it is important ! Regards Dave
Kay , please set up a meeting to discuss in detail the Lily transaction and next steps - tomorrow or the next day . Regards Delainey
Kalen/Dan , please provide guidance for Scott and let me know . Scott , we are pretty much in a bind on most of this . I will see what we can do . Regards Delainey
the knuckleheads still rule . .. . we are still here waiting . ... . Dave
Mike , I would agree with your point that we will be attempting to sell the services ( DSM/O&M ) currently provided by EES to Hensen LLC . Other than a heads up to Jimmie given the potential effects to EBSI , I am assuming that you and Jeremy et al are managing the sale . Given the amount of work in front of Jimmie around EFS generally ( sale of ConstructionCo and restructuring of ServiceCo , I would hope not to overload Jimmie on another sale process . Thoughts ? Regards Delainey
What are we doing with Rexam ? Regards Delainey
David , I am ok anytime next Wed or Thursday . Just let Kay know . Thxs Regards Delainey
Jimmie , agree; however , EES cannot immediately convey these agreements to EBSI as a sub-contractor permanently post bankruptcy . Under bankruptcy , we need to show an auction process . In the cases , where EBSI has contracted directly with the client - I think we are ok . Vicki please add some texture if required . Regards Delainey
Vicki , I would have Janet , Dan , Jeremy , Scott . Regards Delainey
Mark , . .. . starting to move. . have a few ideas . .. . the natives are restless.. . when are you returning to the mother ship ? Regards Delainey
Don , can you go through your Canadian gas book and let me know all the positions and customers . We are planning on putting Enron Energy Services Canada into bankruptcy and need to understand the contracts . Regards Delainey
thank you
Deborah , I have received your letter dated December 18 , 2001 and I will ensure that you get a follow up . To give you a little texture on the issues , all pre-petition expense statements ( Dec 2 , 2001 ) were frozen subject to an overall approval by the bankruptcy court on what could be paid . At this point , we have approval to pay up to $5K immediately and possibly up to $15K per pre-petition expense statement . This part of the bankruptcy process . It is actually harder to get pre-petition expenses paid than post-petition . Unless I have my facts wrong , you should have been paid already or are in the queue . Either Kalen or Dan will follow up . If not please give me a call at 713-853-3829 . Regards Delainey
No bid for the barges: ) Better technology in the market regardless of price - these puppies are going to be tough to move . Regards Delainey
Thanks much guys - much appreciate it . Have a good new year . Dave
ok . by the way , there is no model . i just pull these numbers out of the air . sat sun
hey japhet did i ever get you the name of the wind guy at enron ? i forget now .
Hi Kate , sorry for not leaving my numbers . they are: hope you have a great thanksgiving and can't wait to catch up . love , coop
Hey Toby , sorry to hear about the layoffs . i think the hatchet falls around here next week . Chris Wiebe has been taking care of things here and interacting with Houston a fair bit and I think he's been doing a great job with things , which is too bad since that means he forces me to play around in dev instead of prod . . . anyway , i hope we can enjoy a beer sometime and laugh about enron , but it doesn't feel too good right now . thanks for the note .
nope . maybe ask greg or sebastien .
definitely . sounds fun .
Hey Karl ! great to hear from you . someday we will talk - maybe today ? not sure if you're still in , but i'm at my desk . number is 403 974 6946 i believe it is the same country code as US , but not sure . it's been bad here at work for the last few weeks and its going to take awhile for things to get better , i'm just hoping it doesn't get any worse . it was very dicey for awhile - thought ene was going tits up . spanish desk sounds great ! say hi to kristian and paul for me , but we should catch up by phone , if possible , so i'll leave it there . cooper p.s . snow is just falling on the mountains and i'm getting excited for some good skiing .
the colonel was talking about meeting at Lucky's on 17th and then head out . perhaps to the backalley . not a house party at all .
how do you feel about a matinee , bitch ?
Chris , can you roll this when you get a chance ? cooper
ian - do you by chance have emily's ( from earls ) email address ? she gave it to hawker and he lost it . no prob if you don't .
thanks
Hey Greg , sorry to hear you're sick . hope you feel better soon . what will be involved in handing over the development of the client piece ( excel , etc. ) of the eol feed to colin ? i'd like to get this done as soon as possible . Cooper
DBD::ODBC works like a charm . if you're already using DBI , i don't think you'll have much trouble with the transition , assuming you're doing anything funky .
excellent - really looking forward to dinner tomorrow !
can you come over when its convenient ?
done .
gotcha . hood river would be a sweet place to live for awhile . alberta's great . getting very cold here , but it's been puking in the mountains , so i'm looking forward to getting out skiing , etc . with the nosedive enron is taking , it's easy to blow out of work and head to banff . alberta just built a 40MW wind farm ( doubling wind capacity in the region ) with more on the way . should be over 1% of installed capacity for the region soon . have fun in mejico .
looks like its 2 Gs to go to kansas city or st louis . too far to miami , etc .
i missed it that .
yah . the brutal part is that i'm sure those planes are no where near full .
there is a market surveillance summary for the alberta power pool at www.powerpool.ab.ca with some spark spread stuff in it . didn't look at it , but if you're still looking at spark spreads , it would validate your method .
you're dumb
i'll be in this powerpool meeting from 9:30 to 2:00
no problems here . everything is fine .
bitch - you'll get your 20 bones when i get a card with my name on it .
you're dumb
looks like i'll be free for lunch . . . any interest ?
Hi Chris , I don't know where you're at with things . . . i've been impressed how you've handled both the databases and the people involved with databases and would be happy to provide you with a solid reference if you ever need one . please keep this to yourself as I don't feel this way about many people here . . . cheers : ) Cooper
cell number is: 512 3312 but it's enron's phone , so . . . home number is 262 0205 and cooper@llamacom.com should be a good place to reach me . as for me , i'm very unsure . I'm still technically a U.S . employee and my visa expires soon , so I really don't have any idea . worst case is i take a well-deserved vacation for awhile and worry about the rest later . . . : ) cooper
Hey Mom , Enron just cut to junk status -- very bad for the company . thought i would give a call but don't have your number at work . send it if you get a chance . love , coop
Hi , I graduated in 1996 and need a copy of my degree as part of the application process for a visa in Canada . Can you point me in the right direction for this ? thanks , Cooper
if there's anything you want me to change ( technologies to add , things to highlight) , let me know
i guess not . i'll remove the C++
sounds good to me .
got the fax . it looks like i made it in microsoft word ! : ) shouldn't need the hardcopies . thanks . will keep you in the loop on things . love , coop
definitely ! what more could you ask for ?
definitely - i'm glad you want to talk more about it . are you going to be downtown this week at all ? should know more on wed/thu in terms of enron canada's future .
not really . i'm sure you've already been labeled a playboy ( i feel you playboy! ) it depends how superficial and silly the men are there - my sense is that they aren't , but i don't know .
any interest in a chapter's visit sometime soon ?
no relation that clip isn't the full one though .
there's an amazing guitarist playing at the double mo cafe ( the one my friend's wife owns ) on friday night . ted williams . i've seen him before and he's incredible . i would call him a blues guitarist , but not sure . . . i think it starts at 9 . is strings interested ?
hey , can you send me the last few of these ? cooper
don't think so . he's pretty old
hey dude- i hear you're engaged ! congratulations . what's going on ? i haven't been in touch with anyone in the last year or so.. . things have been going well in canada , but my company is melting down , so not sure what i'm going to be doing and probably won't know for awhile . i'm going to be home dec 16 - jan 3 . are you going to be around ? looking forward to catching up . . . coop
hey dude- what's new ? i'm coming home dec 16 - jan 3 . are you planning on being around ? be great to catch up on life . i haven't talked to anyone from hs in the last year or so - feeling lame and out of touch . i hear howard is engaged . things are going well for me , although job situation is somewhat uncertain at this point . . . i'm sure you've seen what's going on with enron . how's callisma and life in general ? coop
Hi Dawn , haven't heard from you recently . have you received anything from houston for me ? cooper
Hi , I'm responding to an email sent by Tim Callahan on Nov 30 regarding questions on tax equalization . I also left a voice-message for you . I'm in the Calgary office and paid out of the U.S . I've been operating under the assumption that i wouldn't get hit twice on income taxes as there is a "credit" between Canada and the U.S . However , after doing some reasearch on the IRS website , it seems there may be a cap to the "credit" that is allowable . Do you know anything about this ? or can you point me to someone who might be knowledgeable in such matters ? thanks , Cooper Richey
i wanted to run the curve fetcher for the last few days . i booted up the app , but it looks like i need to setup a db connection . can you send me the steps i need to run for the last few days . coop
IT has to hook up unreal because it requires local admin rights . also , we don't have the disk anymore since colin left , so don't think we hook up anymore . unfortunately . marks on the way
sweet ! yah , jimi told me about the party and i will definitely be there . i'm not happy about you deploying though dude . do you know what your role will be ? definitely catch up when i'm back .
i'd have to see them and they'd have to fit my shoes , but as long as the discount is in the 85-90% range , i'm cool with it .
sounds good .
you're done on the 85% discount ? 
i'll just need a receipt and you're done
the burden of proof rests on your shoulders
i'm out . strings should put them on ebay .
sweet . glad to hear things are going so well . yeah , things are ok here . it's more boring than anything . not sure what the future holds . . .
bitch - you have to let me see them !
i'm tired today . good night at earl's last night ! your aggro-ness finally paid some fucking dividends
call me when you have a chance , something i want to share
Hey Tim , not sure what you guys are up to , likely making yourself pretty for potential investors ? we're not quite at that point yet here , so things are very slow which has given me some time to look into R ( been on my list for quite some time) . It looks very good ! have you had a chance to look into it ? i'd like to verify that it's worth putting some time into . hope things are going well and i'll give a call to chat sometime soon . cooper
in case you didn't get this
i don't know what you mean . i'm just a dumb trader it's called double mo cafe . go to www.doublemo.cafe
yah - didn't feel like talking to you . felt like a pawn on your wheelin' chicks chessboard yesterday . we should talk later - don't want to get into it over email or on the phone .
what's your number over there ?
just use same as yesterday
hey ! sorry for the delay and thanks for thinking of me . i missed you at thanksgiving as well ! canadians celbrate thanksgiving in october!?! , but some friends had me over for "american" thanksgiving , so i had a good time anyway . i'm hoping to catch up with you and kt over the holidays . i'm planning on being on the east coast from dec 16 - jan 3 , mostly in northern va . are you going to be in bethesda at all ? also planning a trip up to NY . yes , enron is in a bad way . i'm doing fine , but it hasn't been a pleasant month at work with layoffs and massive uncertainty about future of the company . i've resolved to not worry about it until the new year and it seems to be working ! still planning on staying in calgary but who knows ? let me know about your holiday plans ! love , coop
final up-to-date version
everything look ok ? does the enron direct data look correct ?
wanted to send you a reference to my dream girl scroll down to the julie osborn section i used to work with her in berkeley
hey , i don't have your phone number at work . i have some bad news - i'll be flying out 3 days later than i told you before . either my booking got screwed up or i never booked the flight ! i think it got lost on the internet some where , but i can't even remember what airline it was on , so it's impossible for me to check ! just booked a one week flight and i'll be coming out on the 19th . i'm still going to take the days off from work and relax in calgary a little , which is good . by the way , if you haven't already gotten me something , i thought of a xmas present . a squash raquet . lots of people play here and i'm looking to get into it . number here is 403 974 6946 if you want to chat . love , coop
are you around ? can you give me a call ? coop
Chris , I need to get whatever access Greg and Colin had to AlbertaPower and AlbertaGas databases on dev and prod . I may already have it , but I'm not sure , especially about the AlbertaGas database . basically , their accounts have been cleared from the network and I need to run things under my own account , rather than theirs . Also , on dev db , I need to admin rights as Colin had these to do some OLAP stuff . I'm guessing you are not the person to talk to about this ? cooper
IT never got the box up
great . thanks . -c
I moved the meeting to VC1 for 9:30-10:30 - does that work ?
i think i can get around this , but i need to install some software under local admin . can you drop by and hook me up when you get a chance ?
can you add mark dupuy to the "caldata_pwrfund" NT group . He needs to take over some of Karim's responsibilities . cooper
can you move backups of production AlbertaPower and development AlbertaGas to i:\trading\newco\richey\db\ ? cooper
i have enspace up and running - looks like the demo you showed . unfortunately , i'm taking the rest of the year off , so I won't be around for your startup , but I will look at it first thing in the new year .
yah , it's amazing how quickly christmas sneaks up on me . i'm hoping i won't have to come into work next week and feeling very good about leaving work for awhile . almost like being an undergrad at the end of a semester . so , i'm flying out on wednesday and wondering if you'd like to get together before i go ? i'm more or less free from sunday until i go . coffee sometime ? dinner ? cooper
how about mon eve then ? i'm not sure how much time you have - sounds like you still have work to do before going home , but I'm up for anything - dinner or drinks/coffee later on ? or maybe something more seasonal - i don't know if you still have any shopping left , but I always leave it to the last minute and do a horrible job . i'm running around today but i'll try phoning tonight to see what you think . cooper
testing
Stan , just back in the office and i will get right on it . Cooper
Cheryl , Nancy Taylor at Cognicase has asked me to check into payments for 2 IT Contractors . I have the invoices and understand that you have them as well . It's about 60 grand C$ . Are there any issues surrounding paying them ? thanks , Cooper
Hey- i just got back into town from almost 3 weeks vacation . sorry i didn't get in touch over the holidays , but do you want to get together sometime soon ? my schedule is very easy-going at them moment - hopefully you are in town . cooper
Thanks Cheryl .
do you want in on yoga w/ eze ? i'd like to set it up , especially since it may involve jamie , but not sure if you're interested in spending extracurricular time w/ eze
for Stan Williams of Williams Project Ltd . submitted in december and approved by zufferli . is this one in the pipe as well ? thanks , cooper
can you send eze email then ? not a disaster if you don't come . based on the way you two got along last night , its probly better if you don't . . .
apparently , your invoice has been lost in the system somewhere . do you have a copy you could send and i will get it processed asap ? thx , cooper
my nametag now reads "Mrs Jai Hawker" . in keeping with nickname strategy , i am pretending not to notice .
it looks like there are alot of places in the herald classifieds . i need 30 days notice according to my lease . did you do any thinking about how much you can spend on a pad ?
i need to move my dining room table before monday night when a sofa is getting delivered . can you help me out sometime this w/e ? i also want to show off the scooby phone .
it's all about the action .
sweet .
$700 seems like plenty . i know you don't want to be house poor , but i only think it's worth it if we find a sweet place .
do you want to set aside some time this w/e to look at places , or should we wait until next week ? it may be a little late to schedule things . altho , we should definitely check out that place in kensington .
i am playing squash at the Y at 2:30 on sunday , so maybe we could meet after i play and before you play ? i would prefer that to meeting up with you and a friend . maybe grab some coffee ? i am part of the trading operations , so i would get sold with it and then i would have to decide if i want to be part of whatever the new organization ends up being .
dear elissa- it's great to hear from you and i'm pleased you thought of my on your christmas list . it seems like we started to get in touch awhile ago and then i think i dropped the ball . oops . i hope you are well and happy new year to you too . i am still working for Enron , a company you have perhaps read about in the news recently . things are ok with that for the moment , but i don't really know what's in my future . probly know more soon . i live in calgary ( did you know? ) and have for the last year or so . i like canada very much . much more than i expected , although it is very cold here . mostly the people i like , especially but not limited to all the comely young women . are you still in NC ? are you going to make Ben a respectable man anytime soon ? i got back from almost three weeks vacation yesterday and am back at work , although i hesitate to call it that , since i do very little all day . i had a good time back home , went thru my normal roller coaster of loving being back with my family , then feeling like i am going crazy and needing to leave the house for extended periods of time and then back to loving hanging out there . caught up with lots of friends and in general did very little for 2 weeks , which felt ok . it's been awhile since i've been away from my normal life for that long and it was refreshing . i wish you had sent one of those genero-grams in your holiday card so i would know what you're up to . send a note when you get a chance . also , if you can think of it , reply to trycooper@hotmail.com as i'm better at keeping in touch from home . one big hug , cooper
yah , maybe start on monday with new listings ? check things out during the week and then massive investigation on the w/e ?
i only just started playing squash; are you a member at the Y ? do you want to meet around 3:30 or so ?
i'm leaving now , but why don't you call me on my cell on sunday or i'll call you at home and we can finalize . -c
i called mt royal and tentatively scheduled for tomorrow at 5:30 . left a message at 25th Ave place . dude , that is faaaaar .
hows the new job ? i got your email from jai . are we on for yoga tomorrow ? thanks for the scooby snacks ( tasty ) and stickers ( plentiful) . normally i suffer some angst from stickers since i don't want to waste them , but you got me so many that it's not an issue . did you have fun at the crazy horse ? i was quite drunk and unfocused but had a good time . the edge
agh . i just spent 2.5 hours opening a bank account ! banking in this country sucks . i hate to be a shitty american and i do love canada , but the banking system is brutal . yeah , working for a law firm is sweet , i see the same perks here working for a management consulting firm . i'm glad you briefed the ladies on the naked yoga , maybe janice could give us a demo . are you watching the royal tennenbaums tonight ? we talked about it long ago.. . and i do want to see it . glad to see you are breaking in your email account . -c
although i like my yoga naked , i do like to put something on for savasana ( corpse pose at the end) , which is probly what she's thinking . the latest in canadian yoga fashion can be found at www.lululemon.com give me a look on the movie if you end up going and want to see royal t's . cell is 512 3312 .
we're on for 5:30
4:30 from your building ?
i still haven't eaten lunch , so i may take off now and then meet you
you're dumb .
i'm worried the place is too small .
have you told nicole about going to yoga tonight ? keep in mind that whatever you tell her seems to go straight to dorland and then i have to deal with it . now he wants to pull an earls at joey's here downtown .
i think he would be the jackass we hate at earls . but , i'm approaching him with the new jordey-inspired don't worry be happy mentality and its working great ! i feel like i didn't get closure last night after seeing the place . maybe that nook in the main room could be for a computer ?
the first - just wanted to go thru whatever i was thinking last night . it's no big deal .
yah , i'm looking forward to yoga . i didn't do anything over break and was really looking forward to starting up my practice again and went several times as soon as i got back , but then i got sick , so . . . i may try to take a nap this afternoon before yoga . i'm very bad with directions . i have the address at home and can call you with it , but basically , i go east on 12th Ave , turn right on ( i think ) 8th Street and then turn left on ( i think ) 24th Ave ( there's an asian restaurant at this corner ) and then it's up on the right side . there's a big block of warehouse buildings . it's a little complicated to find from here actually , maybe you should pick me up and we can go together ? i don't really shop for "yoga clothes" partly out of some sort of philosophical resistance and also because the women's stuff is so much cooler than men's stuff that i don't want to bother . dude , that 6:00am yoga story is brutal ! YIM is going downhill - i don't think rockne can hold onto his good instrucors . i hope core yoga stays solvent !
nerve emailed me back and wants to get together for a drink .
Hey Ethan , I appreciate the look on this and am interested . i'm investigating all alternatives and have been considering mainly calgary and portland as options . it looks like there will be more clarity on the future of enron's trading operation soon , which should help solidify any job decisions . my latest resume is at home and i will forward it on tomorrow and you can see what the fit is like . thanks for thinking of me and good luck with the business . Cooper
hey craig , happy new year . thanks for forwarding me this - i'm investigating all career opportunities at the moment . i hope you've been out skiing the last few days , it looks like its been puking . i've been sick the last few days : ( first time in a year or so . had a great break and i'm back taking care of all the little things waiting to see what happens to the enron trading operation . we'll see . . . hey , do you want to go to stronghold sometime ? be good to catch up . i don't think i'm going to be healthy this week , but if you're interested next week would work . i don't know how much time you're spending in calgary these days . cooper
hey greg , happy new year . i can't remember when you were taking your trip to france , but i hope things are going well . i'm back in town now after a long and peaceful break - mainly just waiting to see what happens to the enron trading operations . where did you buy the hardware when you built your servers ? i'm thinking of building a database server and am not sure if its best to mail order or buy in person somewhere in town . hope you're well and talk to you soon , cooper
i'm glad you made it to yoga last night . how did you think the space compares to YIM ? don't worry , you won't hurt my feelings.. . they're very different and i'm always surprised when people prefer something like YIM , but yoga tastes vary widely . i thought last night's class was excellent and i'm glad we all got to go . i'm not sure why jai goes to yoga - i've been to a few classes with him and it's always the same deep frustration with poses , but . . . yah , the jump thru to seated is fun , eh ? last night i was playing around with it following her directions and i realized how terrible it is to not be able to jump thru smoothly . once you do it once you can do it forever . also fun is to do the reverse - i think the mechanics are easier on the reverse and then you'll be able to do full vinyasa smoothly . ian's email is indeed ian.cooke@enron.com ceilis could be fun tomorrow . let me know when you go . this week has gone by quickly . i can understand how you didn't see the scooby stickers on my car because it was dark , but what about the one on my forehead last night ?
nice . do you remember her ?
you're dumb on infusion . i don't remember , but i think you've got to give her the benefit of the doubt for her balls .
yah , let's get it out of the way .
that motherboard does look sweet ! why the scsi drives though ? personally , i want to find a RAID card that can handle RAID5 ( everything i've seen is 0,1,or 0+1 ) and then link up a bunch of smallish IDE drives - if the controller is good , you don't need super fast and expensive drives , so you get speed and redundancy . as i look at hardware , i can't believe how much enron was paying compaq for hardware - it's amazing . as for parts , what do you think about ordering from the cheapest U.S . source and paying duty ? coffee or lunch would be great . supposed to be big news about the enron auction today , but things are very slow and i'm more or less available any time - whenever you're next in town , give me a buzz , or if you're looking for a reason to come into town , how about tuesday or wednesday -- lunch or an afternoon coffee ?
oops , i just sent you a note w/o reading this one . i might stop by ceilis for a bit .
fine with me .
hi emily , i left fairly quickly on friday night - sorry i didn't say goodbye - i was in a strange mood , maybe being sick and drunk ? anyway , i feel like i should have socialized more there and regret not talking to janice more , but it was great to see earls people outside of earls amongst friends . why don't we go to YIM instead of the Space ? i'm happy to go to yoga with other people instead of alone and i can go to any yoga class and enjoy myself , although rockne gets on my nerves if i let him . i think janice wants to come too ? congratulations on passing all of your courses . i found graduating to be somewhat anti-climactic - i wish you had a ceremony to go to , but maybe things are different in canada . i finished reading tuesdays with morrie - great book - it's good to be reminded of certain things in life . i did get your call last night but deleted your home number . i called your cell , but no one answered and there was no voice mail for some reason . can you send on your home number ?
this is from my old girlfriend that i hooked up with over break.. . i think i should call , eh ?
hi mom , yup 16.5 x 33 is my size . thanks ! love , coop
hey mara , i tried to call your phone number , but just got voicemail . here are my numbers: ( w ) 403 974 6946 ( h ) 403 262 0205 ( c ) 403 512 3312 - it would be good to chat , but i'll respond here in case you get this and not your voicemail . also , a better email is "trycooper@hotmail.com" i've been meaning to write you ( it's on my list ) but haven't probly because i'm not sure what to say . . . i'm glad you got in touch . i hope you had fun in belize with your family . i checked and i don't have brinda's email - sorry about that . i might have her phone number athome , but that won't do you much good i don't think . also if you are checking out SFSU , you may want to look up someone named Ingrid Binswanger - i went to college with her and she is ultra-cool and might be able to give you the lowdown . i think she is doing some sort of joint degree and is probly still there - not sure though . um , yeah , i was a bit surprised when you mentioned the 8 year statistic ! but i'm not sure what relevance that really has . it's too bad things are rocky between you and steve , it seems like you've been together forever . it was a crazy night and i don't know what else to say , hopefully we will stay in touch better as a result ? it's funny to think that i've known you half of my life at this point . of course , however you want to handle it is fine by me . well , if you get this while you are in portland or sf , give me a buzz and i'll tell you what i can , otherwise , call or write and let's stay in touch . good luck shopping for programs . cooper
Mike , sorry to bother you for this again , but can you send me contact info for you and john m ? cooper
hey gary , as promised here are names of 2 individuals i would recommend who are experienced in e-tagging , etc . John Messenger ( no longer at enron ) Mike Taylor ( still with enron ) also , I know someone else who doesn't know etag but did a bunch of work for us with the PPA who is in the market and i will forward his resume when he sends it to me - don't have his contact info . Cooper
hope this one gets thru.. .
i'm going by banker's hall today - any interest in lunch ? i want another round of that blackened chicken .
i work from 5am to 5pm and it takes me 45 minutes to walk to work from my mom's house where i live unhappily in the basement .
glad to hear you are finally putting in an honest day's work ! let me know if you're planning on going to yoga tomorrow ( wed) . i did like tuesdays with morrie , do you want me to pass it on to jai or give it back to you ? are you still planning your wine event on saturday ? i want to come , but i think jai is going to a hockey game for work that night . hopefully i see you tomorrow night at yoga .
subscribe
hi mom , i'll let you know when i get the package - thanks for sending it . things are ok , just waiting to see how things shake out with the enron-ubs deal. , it looks ok , but i'll know more later this week . love , coop
i've been playing around more with R ( doing some reading and installing the basic package ) and it looks fantastic . in particular , the database connecticity package ( "RODBC" ) works right out of the box ! very impressive . in a couple of lines , i can get data from a table in a SQL server database into a dataframe and more importantly , result sets from stored procedures can be returned to data frames as well . and its free !
does it take awhile for my access to NACAL-SQWS001D to take effect ?
you hooked me up on "NACAL-SQWS001D" ?
i missed yoga last night too - do you want to try to YIM this weekend ? saturday night sounds good . i'm not sure what's going on with crantina and its not too personal nor a secret . i'll pass the book along to jai . are you working at earls again this w/e to support your shooter-lifestyle ? - c -
Hi Danielle , I have some feedback w/ respect to MD apps file . Canadian Gas Price Reporter ?  Environment Canada Daily Weather Data Scott McCormick ( 403 ) 299 7801 thanks Cooper
are you in the office today ? yoga tomorrow sounds great . i went last night to a beginner YIM class with a friend from work who wanted to check it out . it was crowded - are the w/e classes the same/better/worse ? i somehow always try to show up early to yoga but never manage to , but YIM may leave me no choice . i feel like i'm in san francisco three years ago the way yoga is taking off here . i love carrot cake . ceilis sounds good - i'll see you there . i like how you send each email with a takeaway thought . i'm actually busy this morning , but wanted to reply sorry for the sound bites -- see you after work . - c -
at some point , you will stop demonizing emily and re-realize how cool she is , bitch . here's your chance to get out with your rep intact , you can blame everything on the "complexity" i would make it clean though , none of your half-assed bullshit .
which one was sandy ? is the machination mad at someone else for being selfish and calculating ?
no
address as i deleted your last email . can you send the name of the movers you used if its handy ? or the realtors name ? thx , cooper
i got an error message when i tried to open your message with mike's contact info .
hey mike - hope you are doing well . i was talking to a guy over at epcor and he said that they were interested in hiring a "junior" power risk management person and i wanted to see if you want me to pass your contact information along . cooper
thanks
hey jon , i didn't get around to calling you this weekend , but am hoping to touch base this week . ok to give a call in the evenings ? i'm beginning to think about this as a long term project and look forward to hearing your thoughts . coop
today is the day
hey emily , don't think i can make yoga tonight - i went climbing last night and inflamed some tendonitis i have in my arm so i'm going to chill out for a few days . however , i have made plans to see the royal t's with dorland tonight - so here's a look if you haven't already seen it . and to respond to your earlier email ( i can't keep up): the meeting i had on sunday was fine - it's always good to see what else is out there . the pipe and casing industry sounds fascinating - i can't wait until you're an expert and you can hold forth on the intricacies over some earls carrot cake . and speaking of earls desserts , anything would be better than the gingerbread cake . also , has earls updated the propaganda on the left hand side of the menu , specifically the "featured ingredients" section ? not sure when you're going to get this , actually . oh , i'm going to a wine tasting at the double mo cafe on thursday night if you/jamie are interested . do you interested in wine ? my friend craig's wife owns the cafe which is near the university . i always have fun when i go , so give it some thought if you like wine . i think it's going to be a new zealand/australian theme .
All: I'm attempting to use lattice on windows 2000 under R 1.4 . Rgui and Rterm crash when I invoke "xyplot" or "trellis.device" commands ( including the oft-used "quakes" example ) In particular , I get a message box from the windows OS with the following text: Rgui.exe has generated errors and will be closed by Windows . You will need to restart the program . An error log is being generated this seems to happen right after the graphics window is spawned . I'm using lattice version 0.4-0 and grid version 0.5 am I missing some sort of prep work for lattice graphics ? thanks any help , Cooper
Many thanks . Your copy works like a charm . I'll be more diligent in my archive search next time .
eze: its at 7:30 and its usually $20 . all the money gets spent on the wine , so its a good deal . its extremely casual and it would be great to see jill again . as for jamie , brokering is a slimy business and its hard to see how she fits in , but then i don't know her that well . didn't see royal t's.. . i went home and went to bed ( i'm sick ! yuck) . dorland is chris dorland and a guy i sit next to at work . he was there on saturday night . i'm sure you'll run into him again . i'll let craig know you are thinking of coming .
be still my heart
Dawn , I think I may be on an "immigration" list in houston , but based on the attached forms , it looks like they think i am a non-U.S . citizen residing in the U.S. , rather than a U.S . citizen residing in Canada . Should I get in touch with Karen Buckley ? please advise . Cooper
how was the maid ?
3 to 1 - the games were close , but carlos controlled the match .
want to go ?
i really don't want to go out , but think i should at least stop by .
well , after your pep talk this morning . . . it's worth checking out for sure .
hi Jill , i'm glad you had fun last night and we should definitely do it again . I may stop by ceili's on the way home , but might also go home to bed . undecided at the moment . if i don't stop by , can i take a raincheck ? i'm sure i'll see you soon either way . Cooper
button- thanks for the hockey tickets - my second NHL game ! it was sweet - started out great with a fight and a goal and then not much happened . see ya around , cooper
Dawn , updated resume is attached - let me know if you need anything else . Cooper
Hi Jill , how was ceili's ? i ended up going home and taking a nap and then going to see black hawk down . i think i was in bed by 10:30.. . i'm sure you had more fun than me . overall , my w/e was fairly uneventful . you ? should go another time . cooper
I believe it is 1001 14th Ave , apt #303 - but i'm waiting for verification . sorry for the delay . you can give them my cell # 262 0205 . afternoons work best starting this friday for installation . thanks . oh , can you send me the name of that attorney you mentioned ? thx , cooper
Hi , I work at Enron as a power trader and Gary Hagerty asked me to forward any prospects for a "junior power risk management" position at Epcor onto you . Michael Wong worked for us on booking the Sundance B PPA position and was let go soon after this was sold to TransCanada/Altagas and if you're still looking for someone , he would be worth investigating . Regards , Cooper Richey Michael Wong
Gary , I seem to have the wrong email address - please forward this on . thx , cooper
excellent - although krypto has a good chance of morphing into "lex luther" at some later point
i think she said "going steady"
nice work getting her email address , bitch
that's even worse , stratego
some other time then
brenda was a test . stratego failed . this email is yet more evidence . the fact that stratego was not aggressively machinating does not impress me in the least . the fact that you are still representing makes me sad . asking for props ? please , dude , the depths of your selfishness have yet to be established . don't treat me like a fool or one of your bitches . take a moment and peer inside - that tinge of guilt ? that's what i'm talking about . in any case , i don't plan on claiming anyone again .
hows it going ? jai said you got into an accident - glad to hear you are ok and i hope it wasn't too stressful . thinking of going to yoga tonight at the space ( 5:30 ) - thought i would give you a look . have you been going to yoga ? i haven't since i've been sick : (
can you send rene's number -- need to get the postal code to get sofa delivered .
can you ask your mom the name of the upholstery store she recommended to me before xmas ? thx
here's the address in case you need it for something: Calgary AB T2R1L2
consider me a free call option
are you fucking kidding me ? i'm always right , baby .
are you talking about the sweatbands in there ? those are sweet . are you ordering anything from there ?
auntie ! absolutely . i can't believe we haven't gone yet ! we should make it a tradition . great to see you on sat . night . lucky was unbelievably lame . yawn . how did the night go ? end up at cowboys ?
fyi sofa delievered sometime between 10 and 2 on sat .
dude . you're over-reacting . i think she was flustered by your voracious flirting and pulled the chute . i hope kryptonomicon isn't this boring in real life . dude , are we done on nelly ?
do you remember tom cruise in vanilla ? how he was a "satisfaction delayer" ? you are the fucking polar opposite . you've been waiting 2 years , don't you want to kick back and enjoy the ride in ?
it says its general admission , are there no seat assignments ? do you want to go sat or sun ?
hitting the send button at most once a day would be a start .
did you see black hawk down ? i didn't like it that much , but i read the book awhile ago ( really good ) and its a hard subject to make a movie about . my brother is in the special forces , so it's scary to think he could be one of those guys . just finished playing squash with ian cooke i'm guessing you know him too ? i have so little to do at work these days , its hard to be motivated , but i suppose i could have worse things to complain about . what movies did you rent ? sorry if i'm nosy , but see previous sentence .
looks like $35 plus surcharges .
auntie , what are you having at burger inn ? it has been too long - we'll have to fix it . what are you doing this w/e ? i feel like i've been sick for two weeks , and i haven't been doing much , mostly taking care of errands etc since i don't have much to do at work these days . hopefully that will be changing soon . um , chrissy is much too cute to be playing with her toys alone . i'm not sure why lucky sucked - i think it was the crowd we met up with there . you two should have come and it would have been more fun i'm sure .
eze- i got your message and i might be up for yoga tonight . i went to core last night and it was nice and mellow . do you have any idea who teaches the 7:30 class ? i went a while back and it this hyper-active guy taught the class and it wasn't so good - adding that to the rockne risk makes it a dangerious proposition . do you happen to have janice's email address ? jai and i haven't been to earls in a long time and i was wondering how she was doing . if you see her when you're working , tell her i said hi .
Hi Cheryl , I'm not sure if I forwarded this or not , but I'm not sure what to do with this . This is regarding the invoice I gave you a couple weeks ago . It appears that Stan submitted two invoiced on the same day ? Let me know if there is anything I can do . Cooper
Hey Greg , just wanted to verify that the address i gave you before was correct . thx for the hookup ! - c -
i've been doing nothing for two months ( literally ) and should be trading again in a few weeks , so i've got to start preparing for that , which is a welcome change . what do you mean you're not doing anything this w/e ? i like the bar scene alot , but i have to be drunk to enjoy it . i think one night a week its good if you have nothing better to do . i think some of the boys from enron are going out this sat . if you end up having nothing to do . we'll be moving in this w/e , you should come by and check it out . as for chrissy , that was the sound of my cock puncturing the desk and knocking my mouse on its side . dingy pub would have been good - do you have a favorite ? i like the auburn saloon , but jai hates it . so . . . it took us *forever* to get out of the parking lot . brutal .
probly around 2 or after work around 4:30 .
i'm flexible , but i'm guessing it will be more crowded then . y ?
any interest in going to vegas end of feb ?
ok sounds good
its a boring exchange - its hard to get motivated . i thought i would be on the one a day plan bitch , i could barely open the doors on the way back .
looks good . i'm working some stuff now that is writing to the z:\ drive for publishing on the web -- i will have it write to i: and set it up so it will be easy to change from now going forward . should be able to tell if it works from that . i think your idea was a good one .
don't worry i'm certainly not blaming you for any of this . i have a short fuse when it comes to Houston IT .
don't do that to me
hmm , synapses not jumping - i know the feeling , i think i have three neurons firing in my brain this morning.. . i know what you mean about getting soft - when i went home to virginia for christmas , my mom was like "it's cold out , shouldn't you put a jacket on?" and having been toughened by the brutal calgary winters ( in addition to being the super tough guy that i am ) i did go out --- naked almost every day . let me know when you'er heading over to bass brothers and i'll meet up with you - i have a few things to do but drinks after work should fit in . i ran into eze ( aka emily ) at banana republic last night - its such a small town ! hey , what do you do at cnrl anyway ? cooper
its going well , thanks for asking - work is good - i'm getting excited to start trading again and i'm actually doing some real work ! feels good . and i'm having fun with the whole exercise thing - i hope it sticks . how are things with you - i know you are super busy , but it must be good to finally be starting a career ? rockne is a special treat . at least he isn't hairy . i've found yoga to be a good antidote to modern life . i'm not excited to move at all , but i am looking forward to living in a new spot . change is good . i probly won't need your help moving , but i am planning on lifting some of those shelves from ikea , so i'll be sure to give you a ring for the install . great to see you last night at banana . i can't wait to wear my blue pants , but it seems like they should follow the white pants rule , so i don't think i'll break them out until labor day . definitely a good purchase , since i'll probably wear them twice ( total) . hope to see you tonight . cooper
auntie: i think it will be easy to get back into the swing of thigns -- sitting on my ass for two months has been a nice distraction , but its gotten really boring . trading is exciting and i'm looking forward to it - should be like jumping into a cold pool . i'm actually doing real work lately which is great . i still have no idea what you do at work . anything interesting ? yes , the new babe lair should be sweet - we'll need auntie's recommendations . just make sure you shit in jai's toilet . it might be harder for you than me , but peeing on the toilet seat is always a good way to get your message across - as a woman , i think it would send an especially clear signal . are you stopping by this weekend ? i'm having a couch delivered on sat between 10 and 2 , so i think we'll be around then for sure . 5 times a day is no problem , but 5 times a day seven days a week might be a push , but with the right stimulation anything is possible . is chrissy a 5x7 kind of chick ? wow . and , of course , retention is always an interesting experiment . we'll have to go to big wally's - especially if its not my style . i haven't spent much time in kensington , but it seems like there are some good spots there .
try having no work to do for two months and then having to stick around and "appear" busy.. . i know what you mean , in some ways its harder when you're not used to not doing things . i've gotten good at finding things to do with my time , but when i first had nothing to do , i was going crazy . fridays are always slow around here and i'm guessing its the same there , although i don't know cnrl specifcally , oil and gas producer/marketer ? in terms of what i do , before enron went under , i was the short term alberta power trader . since then , i have been champion internet surfer and investigating local coffee shops in an ever-widening circle . although , things are looking up . eze is ( i think ) an earls nickname -- pronounced easy-e . although , they may just call her easy for short . i'm sure she loves both names very much . i have a very important meeting at 5 with my massage therapist and i was thinking about stopping by after that . should i call eze's cell ? or do you have a cell # ?
hey , do you see graphics above this sentence ? the admins showed me how to insert clip art into email and i'm trying to figure out if works outside of enron .
damn ! do you use microsoft outlook ? or some bizarre Corel product ? yes , it would be terrible to allow employees access to a cd-rom drive . productivity would plummet . enron let their employees have cd-roms and look what happened to them !
now that things are firming up , can you give me a summary of what is happening to all of the servers purchased for trading decision support ( i.e. , fundamentals) . the ones i had to get zufferli to sign off on purchasing were power-fs1 , nacal-sqws001p , nacal-sqws001d and the 3 pizza boxes . i know there is some shuffling around now , but i'd like to know what the plan is for these in the short term and long term ( either estate/ubs share , estate only , or ubs only) . thanks , cooper
ok . i'll keep it a secret . i think lemonade will be a dead giveaway when he tastes it though .
Greg , do you know the status of VPN connectivity going forward for UBS employees ? cooper
Stan- this is being processed and you will be paid soon . i promise ! Hope you are having a good start to the year . -Cooper
I put in a call to the deloitte systems admin to have your email name changed to "Purtzki , Eze" . I hope you don't mind . I'm tired from moving . Enron's moved me in the past and I'm used to just pointing and saying "that will go over there" , etc . and i spent all sunday night packing up my shit . ugh . most of it has been moved which is good . i don't think you've ever seen my loft , but to get to it , you have to take the elevator up one building and then walk across the roof of another building ( picture gravel with flagstones that are spaced for janice to walk across ) and then into the floor of my building . once the movers saw this , I think they almost quit ! it was bad , but they did a great job . I told one of them , "the building i'm moving into will be a breeze compared to this one" and he laughed and said "of course , you have the worst apartment i've ever moved" . poor guy . that's the most entertaining tidbit i could come up with . you should meet the building manager in our new building . he's a freak , but in a professional way . he's already yelled at jai and i . he sounds russian and says in a thick accent "if you vant to leeve here , you haf to obey da rrrulesss" . i hope you read that with a russian accent in your head . he has video cameras set up that feed into his kitchen ! his wife is a piece of work as well . count me in for the wine fest . if you pick up some tix , grab me one , or let me know where the website is , etc . i can't believe you've moved on from tubulars . while tubulars does seem like the next big thing , oil and gas seems like a promising area to study .
great . thanks greg - i told you about the wireless ethernet stuff i bought right ? i'm excited to set it up . i don't know if you've seen the site , but www.practicallynetworked.com has some good stuff in it . coffee or lunch this week works great for me - where are you working downtown ?
hi jill , ah , i don't think you'll get this until next week , but maybe you're checking your email on the road . hope your course is fun . how was it to see your family . i've had my parents visit me up here and i was also down there over christmas break and i much prefer when they visit me rather the other way around . i feel like i'm back in high school when i'm back home , i think , or something like that . don't tease me , what did you do on sat night ? work is going really well - finally feeling some pressure . hmm , i don't know anything about painting pottery , but i'm interested . i've done it before and its harder than it looks and takes awhile , but could be fun with the right group of people . talk to you soon , cooper
Hi Chris , I'm deeply concerned about all of these points and think we should meet in person to discuss . I'm free all day .
i have them back at my old apartment , i think . is your battery dead ?
careen has been added to the vip list for the babe lair in recognition of her discriminating taste .
i can come now - what are you doing for lunch ?
i think you didn't let it run long enough after your boost . i think 30 minutes is the rule of thumb when you're battery is drained . not turning over at all is not a good sign - one thing you can do is park on a hill when you're in doubt and then you can roll-start your jeep ( if you have a standard ) if you didn't let it charge long enough - if the battery is really , really dead , though , this won't work . where's your jeep now ?
ok . i don't mind helping out - let me know if you need a hand . cell is 512 3312 .
not sure - i have to do a walk thru on my old apartment at 3 and probly come back to work after that - what are you thinking ?
great . thanks . can i fax you the W9 ? also , i initially applied to transfer my existing trading account from TD waterhouse , but I would rather not do that , can you put a hold on this ? Cooper
